ladies and gentlemen mark Normand hey
tribes you're thinking unplugged now no
I'm all good it just isn't as long as I
hoped you've heard before
yeah no we're good we're gonna get new
things with a box and like yeah we're
gonna make it like a real radio show
finally this thing's been slacking yeah
I know that's what I've been sayin man
mm-hmm just this this little box right
here that controlled the volumes it's
just too complicated nobody could figure
out where the dial is for their thing
it's prehistoric - that looks looks aged
does it yeah it's a little weathered mmm
from all the weed smoke patina that's
what they call it
patina patina is that over made no
patina is like the surface of an old car
house kind of like or maybe a knife
that's been kind of like slightly rusted
you know the wear and tear yeah people
enjoy a patina yes the fine wearing of a
nice object like a MILF is a patina a
little bit yeah just have a little bit
of patina
I like a MILF I like a crows foot and a
old labia you name it
yeah girl let's do shots yeah you know
yeah I was just there
yeah did you do the improv with the
three floors no that room stinks I did
the side splitters oh that's supposed to
be a really good great room mom and pop
been there forever you know Richard
Jenny's photos on the wall and that guy
he's one of my all-time favorites that
Tampa improv does it still have the
three floors yeah yeah it's the third
floors like 10 seats yeah bore City
everybody's hammered it's it's like
Bourbon Street down there it's not great
for come last time I was there which is
quite a while ago I got introduced by
someone who wanted to I want to
introduce you to the local swinger
community oh the people that are like
really into swinging and Tampa are not
people
anybody want to have sex with right find
each other and they all just no one
gives a shit
you fucker I'll fuck her fuck him you
fuck me thank you did you look at him
like a lineup kind of thing it was like
20 of the legends
oh yeah one fuckable weirdo I mean
listen things can get ugly when you get
hammered of course they were they
weren't in the best shape they didn't
they didn't seem like they were
concerned about what the way they looked
like they just they just got together
and just fucked everybody everybody
fucked everybody that might be the ruse
I think they're they know they're ugly
they want to get laid it's a perfect
crime yeah yeah yeah
so yeah it's a smart move you get into a
fuck Club yeah it's happened to me a
couple times there's so many section one
time Nashville this one guy was driving
us around all weekend and then Sunday
the day who's taking us to the airport
he's like well it goes really nice to
meet you guys next time you guys are
here I love to take you to a swingers
club mmm I was like we were both I think
I was with Hinchcliffe we're both like
what yeah I mean he's like yeah well you
know just that's one of the things that
I do I'm in sort of an open relationship
with my woman so then we started
questioning like do you do you always do
you do you get a chance to like see the
guy she's gonna bang he goes yeah and I
also have veto power oh wow yeah but but
of course they want to bring you in
because they he's the hero if he brings
in the celeb
and then you get to bang the wife they
probably headshots on the wall of all
the other guys who fucked her she was
not telling me to fucking he's like
saying if you want to come watch
oh come hang out I think that would be
worth it I would why I get some popcorn
and go nuts
popcorn a fucking operating mask yeah
exactly like a coronavirus asian yeah
some fucking rubber gloves used to wash
dishes with like what what am I doing
here what am i touching yeah yeah maybe
a laser pointer just to fuck with him
yeah they had well they used to have
those I've never been to an actual sex
club in LA but uh buddy mine has been to
one and he said they'd you know you'd go
into this room and all these like weird
red lights red light bulbs and
everybody's banging everybody you know
yeah well give her watch those dancing
bear videos no oh oh
pull it up he's gonna get wood I can't
it's called CFN cfnm clothes female
naked male and it's so hot because it's
the woman in charge and it's a bunch of
dude strippers who come in with bare
hats on like bare mats and they're in a
speedo and they just start dancing
eventually they're getting blown their
fucking Li of a chicken from accounting
and banging Deborah from sales and it's
like kind of owe me do curling women
getting railed by these studs great
because they like it and they keep the
masks on oh yeah you guys keep the mess
oh well that's it just because it's a
anonymous it's hotter it's just a fuck
object oh right so the woman can like
flip the switch and yes and detach and
just enjoy the physical pleasure of it
and it's like a bachelorette party or an
office party or something and it's it's
killer it's always in a like an office
setting or something just she doesn't
have to look in the eye of the the man
and feel shame and weirdness yeah and
when the women are turned on it's so
much hotter you know because I always
see all day is like dudes like come on
let me fuck ya but when the woman's
taken charge it's it's better you know
you feel better about your what you're
watching yeah they get jaded though I
used to know some guys from martial arts
they used to do male stripping and they
get real jaded together really yeah a
real weirded out by it after a while
that makes sense
women screaming at you yeah a lot of
ladies look at the cheat on their man
right right and maybe the first day it's
fun but after a while you're like huh
and then this is somebody's aunt the
other thing comes is that guys want to
hire them guys want to higher than the
strip and then they have to make these
decisions like okay it's funny when gay
guys around a guy turns in like the
woman mmm respect me yeah you know yeah
the roles are reversed well it's a tall
guys rise being a problem it's it's
always good it's always guys being a
problem you should see my DMS man it's
just ball sex and grilling jerkin and
gay dudes like hot dudes sometimes we're
just like hey the things I would I would
drain your asshole and listen man oh
yeah I find it flattering why do you
think they're going after you I think I
got a Twinkie otter vibe you know otter
that's one of those gay terms to get
otter bear
I knew about bear yeah there's a bunt
the game oh you know them all as a whole
like zoo what's an otters like a thin
medium-sized guy
like the little guy would be like a
twink I don't know what Brad Williams
would be he'd be like a like a Hershey's
kiss or something koala bear
there you go yeah he does have chlamydia
but yes others have comitia oh yeah true
story imagine that's where comitia came
from somebody had a fucker koala bear
well apparently we got aids from a
monkey so maybe koala gave us Clem it'd
do you know where that actually comes
from it's not from some fucking a monkey
there's a right knows of someone who
hunted a monkey
handjob no cut the monkey and cut his
hand and got monkey blood in his hand
while he was like butchering a monkey oh
that makes more sense
yeah cuz who's fuckin a monkey David
Chappelle had a bit about a hundred
percent infection rate hundred percent
wild fucking that is insane while koalas
have a hundred percent infection rate of
chlamydia for two decades scientists
have brought wild koalas into wildlife
hospitals to treat their chlamydia can
we get into I've avid chlamydia is six
times in my life can we give them a
penicillin shot well they'd have to go
grab all of them well you know they're
they're really in deep deep trouble
because the wild fires in Australia they
said that they're something like 80% of
their habitats been destroyed the fuck
is the fires over they're insane I did a
benefit Sunday night with Monty Hoffman
Armani Franklin rather Whitney Cummings
and Jim Jeffries oh I did a benefit for
the wildlife fires
Jeffries must be getting his door
knocked down with that shit oh I'm sure
yeah well Monty Franklin's Australian as
well uh-huh
it was a double Australian double
American card oh boy
wild yeah it was a fun show but when you
you see the devastation it's crazy
seventy percent of Australia is covered
in smoke Wow seventy percent and it's as
big as the United States ah that's a
bummer
yeah it's crazy and they basically have
no way of stopping it I mean unless the
rains put it out or it
all the way to the coast yeah it's a
stupid question but what is the money
gonna do you know I know it helps people
for wildlife ah the money is all for
wildlife too for a lot of them have been
burned like they had a little bit of a
presentation I'll you know I mean some
of them they've rescued and they have to
put them back into suitable habitat and
that's that's the money's going to a
while I mean you're not gonna fix the
fucking the devastation by the fire now
terms of like the the plants and the
houses and stuff like that I mean you
can only hope those people their homes
burnt down had some sort of insurance
but how much fucking insurance money is
there yeah so many houses got wrecked
yeah how many what is the number now how
many houses have been burnt to the
ground in Australia currently yeah
because all you hear about is the
animals yeah well it's a billion animals
that's why a billion animals Wow so this
will be in history books yeah oh yeah oh
boy just think about a fucking billion
animals are dead from a fire I mean
that's insane
yeah I like to change the ecosystem oh
for sure though they ecosystem over
there is weird anyway oh they got
spiders that kill birds yeah there's a
bunch of shit that's not supposed to be
there - oh really yeah this is like so
many of their animals are invasive
species what about the Aborigines
because they live in huts and shit right
yeah I mean what I'll think about that
they're fucked ye I don't think they
live in huts for the most part I think a
lot of them live in normal communities
you probably did Crocodile Dundee that's
all I know that narge Barker they have
so many different languages the
Aborigines do that they could go like 20
miles away and not have any idea what
those guys over there saying yeah Wow
most of those languages aren't even
written down apparently really yeah my
buddy Adam green trees from Australia
and he runs a mining company and they
hire a lot of the folks that are
Aborigines and you know he's gotten to
be very close with a lot of them and
kind of gotten to know their culture and
to understand their culture and it's
really really strange like yesterday
like they're scattered all over the
country and so many of them have they
call they call the mobs like the tribe
as a mom
mm-hmm and they have a different
language then another mob that's like 30
miles away
are they dangerous what do you like do
they fight each other and stuff I don't
know let's go question yeah I don't know
guy went to Australia for the Melbourne
comedy fest and I was bummed at how not
different it was it's not that different
from America yeah no Melbourne is real
close right antastic food great food
great plays great people that laugh
lounge is awesome too yeah yeah good
Club right Club Reaganomics over there
too very into it yeah although they
didn't like the dark stuff I noticed
yeah well I think there's it there's so
much excuse me there's so much that
coffee man that tumeric is going right
up my ass Laird Hamilton superfood oh
yeah I'd love to watch him masturbate
but yeah that those Compton audiences
there were very tense when I got dark
really I think is they have some real
racial problems and reals like they're
kind of behind the times a little bit on
stuff so I think they're like hey look
that shit's happening like we're not
laughing at yet oh right right okay well
you know in the 1950s just I mean not
that long ago they were actually taking
average no babies from the parents and
trying to raise them yeah that's a good
intent it should have probably asked
first
oh-ho they just took them I don't know I
don't really I'm not that informed but
some Australian people were trying to
explain to me like how the relations are
very very fucked up right yeah Wow so
the Aborigines get their baby stolen by
hongki's and I don't know in a weird way
the moms got to kind of be like well
it's a better life I don't think so
yeah they get a TV she misses her mom
yeah I guess you're right she misses her
daughter I don't know man it's not good
okay either way donate it's just
chlamydia yeah what is uh so how many
how many houses have been burnt down do
they even know I probably don't know
exactly I saw one thing that said in New
South Wales alone there was 3,000 houses
but another thing said that that was the
number so I don't know if it's 3,000
total understand that that's not too bad
area it could be worse yeah 3,000 I mean
there were 600 last year just in Malibu
oh shit I forgot about that
damn
yeah Oh the fires the water can fuck
your fire can fuck yeah everything can
fuck yeah that's crazy how long do we
stop saying that's fire that's gonna be
insensitive after a while yeah
everything's gonna be inside well if we
let people let the walk Brigade keep
taking my words we'll be down - grunts
and pointing at things because if you
gotta if you keep progressing yeah
something's gotta everything everything
goes everything goes eventually and then
even grunts and pointing at things will
be offensive to people who are deaf we
use sign language right now your culture
appropriating from sign language people
I was driving here on the highway and I
thought man the the carpool lanes
insensitive to lonely single people like
what you'll have a friend I don't know a
guy you get an electric vehicle you can
ride in the carpool lane
is that right yes there's a loophole for
the losers out there oh it's one of the
best reasons to have a Tesla yeah get
that fucking left leg baby so many
Tesla's in this town this is such a
wacky backwards la-la land over
Chipotle's got a fucking valet in LA yes
I went twice today but I love Chipotle
but it's wacky it's wacky man I mean
it's so beautiful never cell but I went
to Fox lot and it's all these
good-looking girls with their shoes
kicked off laying on a picnic table
drinking a coffee I'm like you don't
know what you got whore this amazing
respecting any gratefulness and
appreciation no they don't
I should enjoy the day she's going on my
phone is not working fast enough New
York we're all up each other's asses
around on my dick it's five degrees
outside my apartments the size of Jay
Moses all I'm fucked
Wow and these gals are kicking their
feet up whose jmo oh you I'm sorry if I
was a new girl that I don't know about
oh do it lady right my favorite video in
New York is the rat that's killing the
pigeon Jefferson ever saw that oh I saw
a pizza rat yeah Pizza rat ate shit on
pigeon killing rat the fucking rats
killing a pigeon well that's like the
woke brigade yeah very similar
taking the pigeon down and and
attacking and the pigeon tries to flood
away and the rat fucking chasing I
didn't know rats are predatory yeah I
thought they were mostly just scavengers
yeah I didn't know they would actually
go after a live thing and attack it and
kill it yeah desperation man was it was
it in the subway area or is it on the
street I think it was on the street cuz
I don't think pigeons actually go into
the subway a good point for the most
part it might get fucked over and they
never get out seen seen a few in an
airport before oh here it is so here's
this this pigeon and this rat is crazy
bitch-ass pigeon though like come on
flap it out they have some big fucking
teeth these kunti rats you know they
never got by the neck look at that
they'll never stop growing rats teeth
really yeah they have to keep that's why
they're always known because they're
partly it's filing them down give it a
good Jesus I know many more animal facts
then I obviously do remember that now
that you bring that up
look at this fucking thing and though
the pigeon gets away at one point
slightly right there oh yeah but look at
them chase it down over here pigeons so
damaged he can't get away totally can't
fly oh so eventually he drags it through
the hole in the fence and fucks it up
that's hilarious when you go into their
lair and the pigeon knows that he's like
I can't get off the street okay it's
mounting him it's got his back his head
that's like khabib yeah very similar
holy shit
can't get away he's smashing you I said
I just didn't know they killed things
yeah I thought they only just ate stuff
that was laying around but there's so
much food in New York City they were
just running around eating everything
right they eat each other do know that
oh really I do know that because I had a
try are you I lived in Encino and I was
renting this house in the house on a lot
of rats and leave my garbage in the
garage and you know put it out in the
morning and I was seeing these rats
someone set a trap not mice rats fucking
rats big rats
so I hear snap so I go out to check and
there's a fat boy that's got his head
crushed in this trap I mean he's dead as
fuck so I'm like okay I'll just get in
the morning I don't want
over there right now yeah so I get up in
the morning and the only thing that's
left is the tail Oh everything they'd
everything there was the feet in the
tail though all the guts the body the
spinal cord everything it was just like
a stain and the tail rat tails are so
disgusting that even rats any practice
there's a lesson there you hear that
rednecks yeah here's the move you get
you poison a rat then get it in the trap
then they eat the rat then they get
poisoned that could be something yeah
you could but the problem with poisoning
rats is a lot of times it doesn't kill
them immediately and then coyotes get it
and then they get poisoned and then
mountain lions till the poison coyotes
or they kill the rats right so ours also
get killed by rat poison it's real
problem with owls because a lot of
people leave rat poison outside their
house and then the rats eat the poison
they get weekend then owl comes in and
eats them certainly life circle of life
damn did you you lived in New York yes
you had mice
I'm sure oh yeah yeah I lived in New
Rochelle though I never lived in the
city I couldn't afford it's right next
to the Bronx okay yeah that was my smash
oh yeah mice are everywhere they're
brutal and they really I'm so scared of
them I know it's like a wussy thing but
when they're running around I just jump
up on the table yeah I can't handle it's
brutal I have to call it like a
masculine friend to help me mmm even
when they're on the trap screaming I
don't know what to do I take a
broomstick I stick it to the sticky trap
and then I go outside and put in the
garbage can just while they're still
alive
yeah so you let them just suffocate out
there yeah yeah that's on them you
figure it out it's a weird system right
the ecosystem of rats and mice and
humans hmm it's a strange thing yeah
there's a lot of them and they've killed
us with the plague apparently that was
all rats
what's the fleas really filiz from I
think Crimea came over on boats attached
to rats and then the rats got ran
through Europe and fucked everybody up
cry me a river I love words did you ever
see the Netflix documentary called rats
oh my god you have to I don't know one
who have to it's you you just go what
first of all they all have diseases oh
yeah all of them I mean you just don't
come in contact with them but if they
bit you like you're fucked
most rats are fucked yeah I did all
these tests on rats and different parts
of the country too and New York City is
I think they said it's either the number
of rats is the same as the number of
people that live in New York City or the
biomass I'm not sure which one but both
of them are equally terrifying yeah if
it's the biomass it's actually more
terrifying right because it means
there's so many rats that's the same
mass of bodies as your of humans but I
don't think they really know I mean
there's any fucking surveyors down there
in the subway how do they know also if
you measure the weight of all human
beings and all ants it's even yeah I
know that I love a fun fact that's a
weird one right yeah answer freaky too
man they said if an ant was our size it
would be faster than a Ferrari whoa give
it a goat whoa yeah Kalen at one point
in time bryan callen wanted to be what
is it what's the type of person who
studies entomologist is that let phrases
right etymology is words entomology is
study of insects oh yeah and so he did
some time in the jungle oh and they were
they'd have to put turpentine all over
the posts of these platforms that the
tents would be on because there's so
many ants on the jungle floor that you
who said he was lying in bed you could
hear the answer you could hear them walk
in sync yeah and when they get on
something there's so many of them yeah
they just kill they kill elephants come
on they climb up the elephant's body and
go right into its ear and just start
eating its brain
man what can an elephant do take a
goddamn thing you can do is really close
to a giant river and it could jump in
and try to drown those little cuts oh
right brutal brutal it's a ways to go
we've we've lived as human without had
we survived primitively well we got
lucky but then we got smart and when we
got smart then we started overpopulating
yes and we figured out all these
different ways that nature was kind of
keeping our bodies in check keeping our
numbers in check mm-hmm you know like we
like we have systems for rats and mice
and all these different things to keep
them in check well nature sort of had a
way to keep humans and predators
diseases starvation injury so you're
saying we beat nature we beat nature
which is probably why we're so fucked up
mentally because we're not supposed to
beat nature well we're a little too safe
for sure for sure we're all contained in
these buildings where the no predators
can get us we all get doughy like little
fucking human water balloons right and
one cling of discomfort and we we have
to fix it work on it bitch yeah we
complain yeah we're getting our jaw
shaved down to look prettier digging
through rats in New York they don't know
how many there are their system attitude
of 250,000 and tens of millions but this
is a new trap that was put out in
Brooklyn this is a video of them I guess
testing it it's an alcohol trap where
they'd fall into this bucket of alcohol
and they drowned and they heard the
video that's why I'm showing if they
open up these buckets touch these things
I wouldn't trust it with just little
rubber gloves on I know I know so
there's just full of dead rats for
something for fuel
yes yeah burn them to heat your house
might as well yeah why can't they look
at them it's good size yeah decent size
right like at least feed jungle or what
do animals or something right like I did
snake yeah right yeah you gotta use it
Buffalo but you know the corona virus
that Wuhan coronavirus rivers they think
that came from snakes ah maybe that was
that's what happened in China maybe they
fed a fucking rat to a snake and right
and you know Jed's a millionaire Jamie
actually has a conspiracy theory about
that
you know make this up I know you say you
have one I mean I'm not saying that's
like you've been putting mine in my back
pocket of conspiracy
what is the conspiracy theory was that
there's some sort of a bio weapons thing
yeah I'm so glad I never got bitten by
the conspiracy bug Ohio laughs oh look
no interest of most dangerous pathogens
on earth was done time well the Chinese
have always got something cooking there
ahead of us in a lot of ways every way
maybe comedic li we got them yeah and we
don't even know because we don't speak
their language ah that's a good point
maybe they're comedies like because of
the language structure maybe they're
comedies way better
well they got more words and letters and
characters but I've been over there to
their comedy clubs in Shanghai and they
weren't good China built a lab to study
SARS in Ebola and Wuhan and the u.s.
biosafety experts warned in 2017 that a
virus could escape the facility that's
become key and fighting the outbreak oh
but wait a minute what is this article
from The Daily Mail I just found the
best headline in Daily Mail's a wee bit
suspect glad yeah
Lee bit suspect a little bit outrageous
with their captions a little bit click
bTW well everything's click baiting now
they kind of have to be mad I mean
that's how they make money sure but
where's the integrity how do you sleep
at night they sleep on a pile of money
yeah the website for it Academy of
Sciences large research infrastructures
per user surface but not translated from
Chinese oh I guess yeah Wow hmm Wuhan
national biosafety laboratory look they
have an award look we have an award when
people stand by a war it's like look
look we are better yeah like that's a
weird picture right to people standing
there holding an award yeah look what we
won right I'm flossing I do you don't do
corporate gigs anymore well I did one
over the holidays because I had like
seven of them they pay amazing I'd wear
a tuxedo I did a pharmaceutical awards I
got fired within 15 minutes hours such
queefs over there it's a ballroom round
Abel's tuxedo beautiful hotel in philly
they got me a limo out there crazy money
and I was supposed to you know like
Ricky Gervais stole thing you know be an
awards guy presented talk to him have a
speech and I just did my clean act that
you act I used to open for Seinfeld and
a lady got offended and it happened to
be the CEOs wife oh and she pitched him
out and then he bitched me out and they
fired me Wow yeah anyway I got paid when
yeah but it's just disheartening you go
hey you twats these jokes have worked on
The Tonight Show what do you want
yeah The Tonight Show is pretty -
squeaky pre squeaky
well how far like how far along where
you said fifteen minutes in your act
will you ramping up the offensiveness no
well it I do fifteen minutes of jokes
out of the gate like to open it and then
you do the awards for the whole thing's
like two and a half hours and I had a
stack a car it's like try so but debe do
wins her best whatever muscle relaxants
so what did the guy say to you when he
fired you he said my wife is offended
how dare you it was offensive to women I
did a joke about vibrators and he was
like you got to get out of here like
that's a woman I know I was the joke is
how the vibra is better than me
you know like I'm I think she was
looking for something maybe they haven't
fucked in six years you know that's it's
always some deep-rooted thing and she's
drinking and she's on adderall and she's
laid off with his head do that I'll just
fire him exactly and firing me is like a
fun Power Move you know again look what
I can do look at the power I wield right
and then she tells all her friends you
know I fired the commedia exactly what a
piece of shit yes my Norman don't ever
go to a show can't tell how many emails
I got hey I thought you were funny when
you're coming to helium I'm coming I
couldn't laughs my boss you know when I
was like god you idiots have some balls
living in that world man that corporate
world yeah like you're all drug dealers
you sell drugs and you're mad at me for
making a yucca MUP I don't get it we're
all backwards priority wise like you
make a coronavirus joke nobody cares you
make a kobe joke and you're the devil
but it's like way more people died with
corona i'm not saying either one is fun
person person you know the gues
individual person plus is the cult of
personality
famous person
well-loved right right and died with his
daughter and they're dying it's like six
other people there's like a lot of I
guess you're right but it's not all
fascinatingly
cuz the your body knows immediately you
know oh that was too far that's fine
well what's in that something that
Stalin said that one death is a tragedy
a million deaths is a statistic oh well
like that is that Stalin
it was Stalin or someone in World War
two I think it was Stalin but it's yeah
we we get lost in numbers like yeah but
someone says like the universe is 14
billion years old you like okay what is
that yeah exactly
I can't do that right that's in my head
and it's just like yeah bunch of zeros
also Kobe was here and China's a zillion
miles away right now that's in your
backyard kind of thing well here's a
statistic you probably didn't know 50
people die every year in swimming pools
oh just the United States that seems
gotta be more than that no fifty and
we're getting better
five zero but every day well how about
gun deaths I bet a swimming pool is more
dangerous than a gun in the home oh yeah
but I think 50 people die every day from
guns said every year
you mean every day I say every year 50
in LA alone yeah I need more coffee yeah
every day Thank You Jamie fifty a day
fifty a day in America's why don't hear
another good one
yeah hundred fifty people die every year
because coconuts fall on their heads oh
that's a cartoon that's classic you just
picture that lesson coming up you know I
think that's worldwide though yeah
that's great I mean how do you do the
funeral for that one you just go well
what are you gonna do coconuts uh
coconut man and well those really tall
trees sure you know it's a big one in
New York they AC falls on people Oh
Jen's big one rice that happens all the
time oh fuck man yeah oh my god and cows
killed more people than sharks a year
really sharks it's almost like black
people where it's just sexier to talk
about it you know but the cows are
actually the ones killing more people
cows kill more people than sharks give
it a goog yeah the coconut thing might
be an exaggerated no you shut your mouth
shut your mouth there's a whole
Wikipedia yeah I've gone through that
yeah they don't really know some days
people get better at it they were
helmets they avoid the trees some years
why not wear a helmet every day yeah
well they're probably poor and they want
to coconut yeah it's a good point if
you're trying to climb a tree into
coconut just nails you halfway down and
then you fall that's a double whammy
good point
yeah splat it feels like a 70s arcade
game you know if you're seeing those
guys climb to trees
fuck man those guys get up high two days
and they're basically just clinging yeah
and pulling themselves and clinging and
pulling themselves right I saw a video
of these guys in the Amazon climbing
trees it's like what the fuck they were
kids they were like twelve year old kids
and were 200 feet in the air
Wow just shimmy in their way up this
tree like god damn unbelievable I wonder
if they'll evolve differently cuz they
it's a different muscles well you know
what it is their feet are much stronger
and they're they look different oh
really see what happens when people walk
barefoot like in the jungle oh yeah
their feet spread out right fingers
spread out like hands ah they feel it
really weird man they splay out yeah our
feet are like our feet are like they're
in a cast yes my shoes all the time but
their feet actually go out in directions
it's like their big toes point left and
right yeah and then everything else sort
of goes out like when you spread your
fingers behind me some jungle bare feet
cuz it's it's creepy I was uh taught
this by my friend Steve Rinella who went
to Guyana and was hanging out with these
people in the jungle and he was like you
can't recognize their feet it's like
what is going on with your feet like
they're unrecognizable yeah because like
it that's their feet look at that oh wow
and that crazy it's crazy it looks like
a webbed foot like a duck's this is the
Amazon tribe that kills and eats monkeys
well you should say all Amazon tribes
that have access to monkeys because
apparently they love bunkies uh-huh
but yeah look at his feet man but let go
to that one picture look look at that
that is insane man Wow it's because
they're always gripping the surface of
the ground so they develop all this
strength and and thickness like look how
thick their toes are right doesn't that
left-side monkey looks like it's got its
dong it's like perfect positioning it's
real weird right there look a lot like
when you see primates other than that
you know the primaries have that little
thumb
right you know what'd be interesting is
to cut one of them open and then cut you
open
how much more shit you would have in you
because you eat all this process I mean
you eat still pre pretty well but
they've never had caffeine they've never
had a drop out but never had a cigarette
never had a hamburger they would be just
be pink I bet a lot of monkeys though oh
it's all natural yeah yes step for the
AIDS I don't think he got aids from
those monkeys okay thank you Africa I
think it's actually I think it's chimps
more than monkeys it's so weird though
the feet that's crazy yeah there was a
great radio lab episode patient yeah
it's awesome podcast but on patient zero
where they were trying to figure out
what who like how did HIV come from like
who was the first person get it and they
think they now narrowed it down to a
farmer or a hunter rather that it killed
because they help they do something
called bushmeat and a lot of these
really poor areas where they basically
just shoot everything and like just chop
it up and whatever you know whatever you
can eat right whether it's a monkey or a
giraffe or whatever the fuck you kill
sure yeah those are tough people those
naked and afraid's even I'm like I don't
know if I could do it they get in afraid
they can kiss my ass
those people probably get all kinds of
crazy fucking parasite yeah bug bites
and food poisoning they eat berries and
pond water and shit dick fish should
swim up your dick hole you know that's
real no yeah there's there's certain
there certain especially in the Amazon
if you urinate in the water in the
Amazon there's certain little tiny fish
they're actually attracted to the smell
and the temperature of your urine and
they'll fly up the old pee hole and make
their way into your yeah can you pee it
out while it's going up think you can
look at that those are cock fish fish
swims up your urine stream oh yeah
little fucker can do or something yeah
and look he's got teeth look at him on
the left-hand side of the mouth
he's just chewing away it looks like a
dick he's trying to blow you from the
inside
you ever gonna hold Chinese torture
where they get you hard they hammer a
glass spike into your dong and then they
break it so then you piss that's a
Chinese torture that's what I heard how
they get you hard ah ways you know you
bring a lady in or a small boy you know
you do what you got to do or a pile of
money be exactly what a whirlwind you're
in huh
strange strange to watch it take place
because it's so it's so obvious what it
is it's I know they're using me to make
him look bad that he supports me or that
he used my endorsement right I had no
idea they were gonna do that either the
Bernie Sanders people just and all I
said is I'm probably gonna vote for him
I said I like tulsi gabbard
I really love her or love him I love
Andrew yang those are the people that I
think like and here's here's a really
important point I'm a fucking moron if
you're basing who you're gonna vote for
on president for president based on mine
right like what I like I know I'm not
I'm not that balls deep into this stuff
yeah it's not it's not I'm not the guy
very strange and this is a little out of
left field but how much of this is based
on your look if you weren't a muscular
bald-headed white guy I don't know if
this would be a bet this would be a
different game what's easy to paint me
as a douchebag right and also it's
what's really funny is the thing that I
said in the video was exactly what they
did I said if you just take the worst
aspects of someone take out everything
else magnify it right and you know you
could paint them out to be a real piece
of shit core so I had 10 texts today but
I said is that it's hard to do that with
Bernie because he's really consistent
guy he's the real deal he being out on
the front lines in the sixties with the
civil rights right getting changed yeah
people and getting arrested yeah right
he was um that doesn't mean he's gonna
be a great present no don't worry I
don't know what's required to be a
president I really don't and I don't
understand what's required to make sure
the economy functions correctly and also
I don't understand what's required to
make the military function correctly
no it's just guesswork I mean maybe
we're better off with Trump maybe we're
better
off with someone else I don't know but
what was fascinating to me was that
these people like fuckin CNN printed
something saying that I was homophobic
and transphobic and there's a clip that
they're using that's completely out of
context that is the only look is first
trans people of some trans people
listening this I got nothing but love
for you for everybody and in fact Eddie
Izzard is one of my all-time favorite
games I love visit and he's one of the
most inspirational and brilliant people
and I've ever met
I love that guy and he's probably one of
the most public trans people in the
first most public celebrities to go
trans I don't care
no but this had to do with fighting this
had to do it well this was what I was
saying and the video that they're using
is me saying you're a fucking man
definitely shouldn't use those words but
this is why I was upset there was a guy
this person was a man for 30 years
transitioned to become a woman for two
years and then started fighting women in
MMA and didn't tell them that she used
to be a man ah and was smashing girls
she literally broke this girl's skull
like broke her face and was kind of
bragging about it like she was you know
she was hyping up her MMA career right
yeah and then people found out that she
was a trans woman and she used to be a
man and she said that she didn't have to
disclose that because it was a medical
procedure nothing to do it wasn't their
their business very shady I was like
bullshit and now here's the thing if she
disclosed it and everyone knew I'm 100%
in favor of it you want to do that if
you're a woman and it's your choice to
fight a trans woman and see how you do
and in fact a woman who eventually went
and fought the UFC a girl named Ashley
Evan Smith who's a really good fighter
like you know UFC caliber fighter unlike
this other woman who was the trans woman
that trans woman is just really strong
she wasn't the same calibers of
world-class martial artists Ashlee
evans-smith actually wound up beating
her oh yeah yes and then she fought in
the UFC afterwards aha can we see a
photo of this girl it's not oh I
couldn't tell masculine woman okay no
well when he was a dude he looked like a
guy right
bro yeah and then when he became a woman
he looked you know like oh yeah
definitely you could say was a woman a
dude lady but I you know I was like get
the fuck out of here you're a fucking
man and so they take it out he's so
transphobic like not I'm not listen most
people get hurt this has only to do with
athletics that's it in terms of your
gender identity and who you are what you
want to do I don't care and specifically
my wheelhouse which is fighting there is
a gigantic physical advantage that men
have in that in that particular sport
well we all know that when a guy hits a
girl in the street there's a different
vibe than when a girl hits a guy that's
the problems that's what the fights
looked like a guy hitting a girl damn
and he's you know also fighting people
that aren't that skilled it's a low
level MMA promotion mm-hmm
you know and then when it came out there
was all this outrage but what was really
fascinating was how many people were mad
at me but didn't have an equal amount of
there was there weren't equally upset
that this woman was deceptive
well you can't doubt the fact that she
was trans it's bad for the cause there
are you mean supportive transgender
people it's very bad for the cause if
you have a transgender woman that
doesn't disclose she's transgender and
is beating the fuck out of biological
women and here's the big well here's one
of the big problems with it ultimately
the ones who get fucked over our
biological women in this whole race to
be woke and including transgender women
in female sports biological women are
the ones getting fucked over these trans
women are winning World Records and and
becoming world champions and it's you
know it is this it's where the rubber
meets the road between pragmatic
objective people that are analyzing the
all of the facts and people who want to
stick with a woke ideology they don't
want to hear it on the other side so
this is the big one that people are
calling me out on the other one is like
the homophobia one is like come on man
look I have nothing but love for gay
people nothing but love I love gay
people but I make fun of them I make fun
of me I make fun of my mom I'll make fun
of you when you're here I'll make fun of
you when you leave cher doesn't mean I
don't love them all right like I was
saying before one of my most popular
memes online is in support of gay
marriage and it was it says if you
if you hate gay marriage it's because of
one or two reasons either you're dumb or
you're secretly worried that dicks are
delicious and that has been shared
fucking millions of times in fact I had
a gay strongman in here I saw that yeah
and he was a world strongest gay and he
was talking about Rob care and he was
talking about how hilarious he thought
that was and he had seen that it's one
of the first exposures that he had to me
yeah well they're just looking for shit
at pintia that's all its to it's to
marginalize him and it's also people
that don't want anyone who's not woke to
represent anything on the left yes
you're gonna be on the left there's a
lot of people look at something first of
all I should say this before I say
anything about the blowback the positive
side like the support that I've gotten
from people because this has been
overwhelming and really heartwarming
from soulmates from great comics and
scientists and people that have had on
the podcast Psychology Today wrote an
article about how the media is
gaslighting you on me yeah like they're
like they're trying to paint this guy
out to be this monster like have I said
stupid shit a hundred percent I've done
1400 Plus podcasts a lot of them high
like a giant percentage of I said a
bunch of stupid shit I couldn't even
believe while saying it I'd like to say
inappropriate words I do it all the time
why because it's fun yes we're comics it
might hurt some people yeah but some
people like it I like I like saying
words you're not supposed to say
sometimes but it yeah it doesn't mean
I'm homophobic or racist or sexist or
misogynistic or transphobic these things
aren't true I love everybody like
literally if you're a nice person I love
you yeah I'm cool with everybody the
weird thing is they want it to be true
why it's not even about the justice or
helping people it's about nailing a guy
down it feels more like vindictive and
we want to hurt you then it does let's
save the world it's more like if you go
I'm actually not they go yeah whatever
well there's a couple things going on
one this podcast gotten way too big and
it actually can influence elections oh
that's real that's do you like that
that's not good I don't think I wanna
have anything to do with politics no but
I'd rather talk to you okay talk to
someone like you they never talk about
this shit and have politicians on and
I've never know whether or not they're
full of shit or not I've never I don't
know anything about politics I don't
follow it people are obsessed it's taken
a
for too much time in your day it burns
too many calories that people get so a
passion about it it's all changing and
it's all silly I would love if they
revamp the system and made it so there
was a like a Council of really smart
people yes get to decide on things
think-tank yeah it's the smartest people
are not the most likeable and get them
fed um given at least a micro dose of
mushrooms before they make their
decisions I mean Obama hated gay
marriage but we all like him I was
against it he was doing that for
political reasons because he was trying
to attract a certain amount of people
that were on the right and it's it's a
ploy right they have to play their hands
carefully they're playing chess what he
gave up all he could have swayed the leg
I mean he was in charge of shit so he
could make policies well Hillary Clinton
would didn't believe in gay marriage
till 2013 there you go but it's weird
it's but it's not real it's there in
their world what it is the world of
politics they're giving up a pawn
they're making a concession right and so
what this is is take me down to make
Bernie look bad because Bernie dared to
post one of my videos in the meantime
bernie is surged to number one in the
polls oh is that right he's number one
in the polls and number one for the
first time in the betting polls uh-huh
so it's like look I don't know if it's
good or bad well it's like Chappelle
everybody hates Chappelle he's the
transphobic guy of the year whatever
he's won the Grammy three years in a row
for Best Comedy I'm and he just won the
Mark Twain Award so it's like we talk a
big game and we complain and bitch and
moan but I think the the real shit's out
there well even more more telling when
Rotten Tomatoes only read 500 critics
judge his special he had a zero percent
on Rotten Tomatoes then when they let
the general public do it jumped up to 99
percent yeah it's just fucking unheard
of I know and why does anybody go this
is weird right I mean we do it but you
know the the people with the big voices
and the loudest people are all going oh
they never saw that shit
well right now you are one of the last
people yet and here's the other thing
that those people that are of the other
loudest people out there are all being
employed by giant companies now if
you're a part of a giant media company
we don't even have to say any names you
have to make arrangements with political
parties and candid
dates they will give you access to
candidates but they will in exchange
they would like you to run certain
stories you would like you to cover
things they would like you to not cover
other things I mean you're seeing this
anti Bernie Sanders push past the board
Hillary Clinton just came out and said
that she thinks is she
nobody likes it I saw I said that why
would you say that the campaign for you
know what do you an eight-year-old
exactly and she said that he's a career
politician like hmm what does that mean
were you involved in industry before did
you manufacture televisions like what
did you do what you were a lawyer for a
little bit okay aren't you a career
politician and your husband's clearly a
career politician because crazy thing to
say mm-hmm
and then you know there's like a lot of
people that are in support of Elizabeth
Warren that we're trying to push the
narrative that Bernie Sanders is sexist
this helps that narrative come on
because Elizabeth Warren was saying that
she said that he had said to her that a
woman could never be President did you
ever see that in exchange with the two
of them were on CNN I heard about it I
try not to watch anything good for you
but so this is what it's been for me
just to watch all this play out but it
was the first time I've seen you rattled
by the way I've never you're usually
cool as a cucumber right you look a
little I just want to make sure that I
say it the way I think it all right get
it that's but that's why if I feel if I
look rattled but thank you the positive
thing has been the outpouring of support
by so many so many people yeah
overwhelming like and then the the
support to negative is the ratio is
incredible so it's it's awesome well the
good news is everyone who knows you
likes you all the people who are saying
shit I've probably never met you or
don't even listen to the pot but this is
a but even listen to the podcast you
don't know me that well but this is the
part of the problem with human beings
communicating through social media
social media is the worst way like
Twitter or something is the worst way to
either know someone express a feeling or
show any compassion mm-hmm and no one
this is one of the reasons why cancel
culture is so right right because this
is the best way to cancel somebody
through a tweet fuck you yeah look at
how many comics did that with Louie yeah
after the louis c.k thing went down
there was a bunch of comics there like
now's my chance
right you've upped a lot and Tim Dylan
posted this awesome Instagram post about
that like recognizing that like this is
a lot of these people that are virtually
signaler these insanely mediocre
untalented comedians that tends to be
you know it's Evo wolf or Michael che
and all exactly exactly when the the
leaked audio came out people he's
leaning into it he's he's you know he's
all right now listen okay has always
said the most inappropriate shit that's
funny I know you guys don't even fans
well when you tweet this the remorse is
much smaller like canceling a guy
through the computer you're not gonna
feel as much guilt and shame and
youngness you don't feel you don't feel
as good keyboard you don't feel anything
I'm hoping that social media will evolve
to something that you the people that
will somehow or another allow people to
be more compassionate to each other and
maybe will just understand how to use it
better and understand hey maybe when
everybody gets canceled everybody's like
you can't drink and drive but you can
drink and tweet yeah Elmo
you know it's career suicide instead of
you know auto nanos a justine sacco
story no yes that's amazing
she was on her way to Africa she was I
think she took an ambien and she was
Jenna yeah and she's like going to
Africa I hope I don't get AIDS right
just kidding on white lol that's a good
tweet it's a good it's a joke a Marc
Norman joke in a lot of ways thank you
it is in a lot of ways right that's kind
of like something that you would say as
a joke I get I don't know if I'd go with
the white angle but I like it what would
you say instead of because white people
do get AIDS so it definitely do make
sense logically right but when you're on
ambien and you're fucking liquored up o
ambien may I have a couple minutes
before the flight takes off ReCellular
yeah yeah you misspelled a few things
like I can't go back I know you try to
get it's a fucking hectic when you try
to get a tweet I run away it's true you
know the whole flight you're waiting you
don't buy the wire Cincinnati buy
tickets at Marc Norman calm fuck fuck
fuck I didn't spell Norman right right
right
where'd the whole world would change if
Twitter gave you like 10 seconds of edit
time yeah we changed the whole world
Rosanna will be on the air yeah
well at the end of the day with all the
this shit it's my feelings about all
this are it's it's interesting to see
it's interesting to see the the hate
brigade come my way and it's interesting
it's it's very heartwarming to see
support yeah it's also you know at the
end of the day I've got a giant body of
work look I only lied so much about
where I am and what I've done you know
when people watch the Elon Musk
interview they're not like look at all
the homophobia right it hates women in
that any of you yeah nonsense like have
I made inappropriate jokes yeah for sure
I'm a comedian oh yeah when you and
especially if you're drinking and you're
smoking pot you're swinging right you
know how it is well we're doing worse or
hitches are coming your way a lot of
them are high you're like I'm going in
yeah when you don't hit the ball oh my
god last ones here made eight jokes
about fucking kids it's funny because
it's so extreme like a racist joke it's
like it's racism is stupid these people
of theirs they're grasping at straws
they got nothing it's not real racism
it's a joke yeah Nazis Brown is racism
exactly come on exactly
and they just know that the word racism
is gonna get some eyeballs it's gonna
get some shit stirring up well that was
the crazy thing about the CNN articles
like they put in all the isms all the
isms and all the OBS and like little odd
on they're not applicable a history of
these things you know that's there's a
history of these things well there might
be a history of jokes right but there's
no history of actual homophobia actual
transphobic other than me calling that
guy a man who beat the fuck out of women
but I understand why people weren't
upset that that woman though who used to
be a guy was doing that yeah that's a
little harsh I mean her head got cracked
Oh literally you're worrying about women
no one cared about that woman nobody
nobody wanted to interview that woman
and say hey you okay well that's how
deep in the shit like that's how deep in
we are is it's it's I'd rather have her
head split than me get cancelled and
again I'm a hundred percent for anyone
who knows that that's a transgender
woman fighting that woman consensual yes
and here's a perfect example of the UFC
former UFC featherweight champion is her
name is Jermaine Dye randomly and she's
a fucking assassin yeah she's a beast
I'm just a 10 time world Muay Thai
champion
I mean
one of the most technical fighters in
the sport she's super badass she fought
a man oh yeah act him up is that right
watch it online she kayoed him why she
killed a man with a right hand
she's a fucking killer man was he a
fighter guys he knew how to fight I was
Lincoln know that guys she knew better
yeah she's a world champion me sure but
look if she wanted to do that and he
wanted to do that yeah I'm fine
but if he pretended he was a girl you
wouldn't try to fuck her up then I'd be
like you're an asshole
that's what this is it's just about
deception I'm not I'm not against trans
people I think when you're talking about
trans athletics when Martina Navratilova
okay who is outspoken lesbian who is a
one of the greatest tennis players of
all world you know of world-class tennis
players world champion one of the
greatest of all time not when he comes
out No
okay when she comes out and she did
coming out against trans athletes I'm
meeting with women the outpouring of
hate that came really yes people are
calling her transphobic in this net look
this hasn't been settled right if you
look at the actual facts the number of
World Records a number of champions
number of people that are now trans mmm
it's getting weird
yeah what is it the International
Olympic weightlifting Federation one of
those fucking the powerlifting
Federation whatever judges that they
recently came out and said we are not
we're no longer allowing transgender
well really yeah because they're
breaking all the world records of what
are they in trouble now I think it's
justified I think that's one of the ones
where people are like well yeah you're
winning by 200 pounds ah you know it's
like you're taking people and they lose
some of their strength when they go
through the transition they lose some of
their strength and they go through
estrogen therapy but there's goddammit
there's a lot going on there there's
tendon strength there's the size of the
bones the hand strength the size of the
hands there's the shape of the hips the
shape of the shoulders there's more you
can generate more power there's also a
lifetime of having testosterone running
through your body it's almost like a
woman who's taking steroids her whole
life and then quits when she's 30 right
she's still gonna have giant advantages
sure but how come in yet you don't see
it the other way do you don't see
or the woman becoming a man and then
entering a man yeah category imagine a
woman who transitions to becoming a man
and then fighting an MMA right good luck
good luck on Nate Diaz you know yeah
well there's a woman who was a woman and
then transitioned to a man who is now a
boxer who is a spokesperson for I want
to say Everlast or like a deed it's like
a big company mm-hmm now has this
transgender female to male boxer which
again
I'm all-in look I don't even think you
have to say anything if that's the case
there it is
world's first transgender professional
boxer is now the face of Everlast yeah
now how many fights is this person have
wait this was a woman was a woman okay
but here's okay here's another problem
with this ready in order to transition
you have to take testosterone oh so now
you're taken he was he as a woman Manuel
was a USA national amateur boxing
champion was invited to compete in the
2012 Olympic Trials however a shoulder
injury during Olympic qualifying changed
everything so how many fights and when
well let's go back back back confusion a
man in the name Manuel was recovering
from the injury he decided well you can
say he back then she was saying he a lot
okay so you say he so much work because
he was already a he when when he was
recovering from the injury but that's
when he was a girl but you let's keep
using the same name but Manuel was
recovering from the injury he decided to
transition from female to male it proved
to be the toughest fight of his life he
was shunned
has he had any fights as a male scroll
up their battle against all odds when
his way back to sport become the first
person competing in a professional
boxing match as a transgender fighter on
December 8th 2018 Manuel climbed at the
rain against Hugo Aguilar at a fantasy
Spring Resort Casino in Indio California
and came out a winner there you go six
year journey got to be worth the wait
congratulations to Manuel look I'm all
for that too
and in Mike Mike my take on that is
there's only one issue
oh that issue is Manuel to transition s
to take testosterone so how much
testosterone
and what and who's monitoring it and how
often are the tests because it if you
have like especially some women
particularly african-american women have
dense bones they have really really good
bone density yeah oftentimes rivaling
European males may we should segregate
racially lol they're just too good
yeah I don't know about that people are
so good at sports
well Canelo Alvarez when the best boxers
in the world the redhead you know oh
he's good fucking awesome yeah he's
really good now to golovkin pretty
fucking awesome
alright Russian what was that the mic
the white Mike Tyson guy he had
something well he was big Tommy Gunn
Tommy Morrison wasn't he good he was
good yeah a fighter yeah good fighter
but he got fucked up by a lot of other
like Ray Mercer did you see the brain
Mercer knockout uh-uh
worst knockout in the history the
heavyweight division oh wow because he
got caught in the ropes y'all caught the
ropes and Ray Mercer who was an Olympic
gold medals and a murderous puncher was
fuckin smashing that's just his head no
protection at all he's not putting his
hands up I can't watch this and he was
never the same again but he did go on a
beat George Foreman beat George Foreman
by decision beat Donovan razor ruddock
by stoppage a guy went the distance with
Mike Tyson there you go Tommy Gunn was a
good fighter oh yeah well that's one for
whitey one for whitey that's it just one
there's a few like it we had a
Marciano's at rocky and LaMotta was
pretty good he beat Sugar Ray a few
times
yeah well Vasily lomachenko is probably
one of the best pound-for-pound fighters
on the planet earth today and he's
another one who's Russian but Russians
there are people there like whitey 2.0
yeah it's fucking hard people man they
are which shows you it's not really
about the skin it's about your
environment that's a lot of it in the
genes sure means yeah there's certain
people in all I mean you know there's
body styles right there's endomorph
ectomorph and mesomorph
and you know there's certain people that
have advantages you know based on the
amount of fast twitch muscle fibers the
size of their fists different sports you
know there's different sort of benef
it's two different body types and
different sports yeah yeah but you know
with versus ping-pong I think it's just
really popular over there right oh no
they're great
I think it's Chinese but I don't wanna
get in trouble but but I think it's
because it's really popular right ah
maybe I don't think there's a physical
advantage I don't know they just seem to
have a knack for that pong they have a
lot of killed or pool players over there
really well that's all metrics it's all
physics you know and they're stable very
popular ah it's very popular over there
pool is it's huge in the Philippines
really oh my gosh I can't take some of
the greatest players of all time come
from the Philippines I didn't know that
yeah as guy named Efrain Reyes I got a
signed photograph of him out there in
the wall and it was by the pool table
the hot asian lady with the black hair
long oh yeah Jeanette Lee it was great
she's a beast you watch the children
they're all available yeah I could do it
three days on YouTube with those trick
shots oh dude I wind down at the end of
the night every night watching pool
really yeah because I used to be hard to
find pool matches on television right
you know it's hard
ESPN doesn't have them it's like you
never it's like I put I'd said it in my
DVR look for a billiards uh-huh
you know cuz I used to play a lot like
like all day long when I lived in New
York tournaments I was more obsessed
with pool than I was with almost
anything really yeah yeah I was like if
there was money in professional pool I
probably would have quit doing stand-up
what yes would you ever get no like a
pool grift like a like a bar brouhaha oh
I get hustled yeah then you like snap
the the stick and go come on
motherfucker
most most that's nonsense I don't know
money Artie Lange's got some stories
dork
please hanging out with dirt bags I mean
I've had like guys yell at me and stuff
like that but not because I was beaten
Emory I was never that good
did you I went I went to real pool halls
oh there's a West End billiards I know
yeah I've seen it
mr. damn go to Amsterdam every time I
work yeah all right I play with
professionals like I used to play a lot
of tournaments with professionals but
there was never any like you never had
the guy with a pretender like I had a
gimp
no none of that that's all moving no no
I mean hey guys try to hustle me one of
my best friends my friend Johnny B I met
him because he tried to hustle me but I
could just tell talk I knew I wasn't
very
I was just starting out yeah and he was
really good he's like come on let's play
a game you know give you a spot when I
get the fuck and he's like oh you're too
smart trick you hmm
we came buddies but yeah I was never
good enough to hustle and I was never
good enough to beat the really good
players but I was obsessed with it
yeah um what's my point oh so I every
night when I wind down the way I wind
down I could watch pool now so it's it's
even when it's crazy it's like not that
crazy right it's a good winder because
if you watch like street fights you're
all keyed up Oh watch those ah you know
what I hate most in anything street
fights is when the dudes heads bounce
off the concrete brutal brutal there's
one this is Puerto Rican dude and this
other guy and the guy doesn't know how
to fight in the Puerto Rican dude does
and you can see they're standing in
front of each other yeah he just crack
and the guy and you see him like
sideways his head bounces up and his
girlfriend goes get in the car puppy he
jumps in the car it takes off oh my god
see they think it's a movie and then the
real life kicks in Oh some well some
people are they're just fronting and
they think right gonna get away with it
and then the other guy is actually a
boxer right and that was the case here
that guy he threw an educated punch like
he knew what he was doing and he caught
that guy right on the jaw and he went
out his head and the bounce there's a
fuckin this thing that kills it's like
dude I grew up in Louisiana and these
like corn-fed white guys with polo
shirts and Doc Martens and short short
blue shorts with the woven belt they
would get these brawls these big white
motherfuckers and they would just like
kick him in the face when they're down
like a sucker he just be outside the bar
like I just watch the guy get his jaw
broken none on a Friday night at you
know 1:00 in the morning and he just go
back in the bar I mean it was horrific
horrific they slamming people in the car
is Annie I'm in the face how many people
have died in barfing I know I know
terrible ya know the jaw gets wire you
see the guy the next week he's got that
neck brace you know brutal ya follow for
what cuz somebody bumped in here they
just build your beer well just people
looking for fights and then they get a
little bit of
boozing them and you know they're mad
because their girlfriends fuck it some
new guy fucking bitch I don't have that
in me I don't have that anger like a
ventilations I'm not bragging I like to
booze it up I like to smash some gash
and have a good time do some shrooms and
you know eat a lady out but I can't
imagine wanting to kick a guy in the
face while he's on the ground No
is that not good that's a rage maybe he
was beaten or he's deep deeply closeted
or something's going on there well it's
like some men grow up getting their
asses kicked
I guess grow up getting abused it's one
of the one of the things that I would
notice in high school the kids that
would want to fight all the time they
were getting abused at home ah there's a
lot of that right and they don't have as
much guilt about it they'll just smash
your face exactly I would be like Oh
someone's been doing that to them
whether it's their older brother or
right where they're getting bullied and
so they bully people back you know that
old expression hurt people hurt people
yeah yeah and that's you know when
people like to hurt be that was the
thing that I hated the most about
fighting was when I would knock someone
out yes it would weird me out I get it
man
I would like try to celebrate I would
just try out try to like and then after
a while I started not celebrating I
would just walk away yeah but like
that's actually probably better move
anyway it looks cooler cuz I would just
smash somebody I would kick them and
then they would go down like that dudes
not getting up I'm just gonna walk away
like this always happens kind of always
happened yeah like get MMA when they do
knock the guy down and they walk away
they don't even hammer fisting well it's
a thing it's like when guys do do that
they're letting you know like I know
rice is this is the end yeah yeah I
don't have to follow this up right
because there's a feeling that you get
when you hit someone you see their eyes
roll back like you know no but some guys
are so savage they don't give a fuck
even after the guy's dead like the most
famous one to me was Dan Henderson
knocked out Michael Bisping it was so
clear that he was out and Dan Henderson
flew through the air and smashed him
with a punch on the way down then he
made that silhouette his logo
so Google Dan Harrison's look because
it's one look they had like this epic
shit talking session and then actually
Michael Bisping went on to beat Dan
Henderson to rematch which was huge for
the for the title I like when they have
a shit talking because I feel weird when
they tap gloves and then try to murder
each other
look at that belief that is literally is
his silhouette when he was you know I
mean you can't it's hard to say it's a
cheap shot because he don't he is he
knocked him well the key knew the guy
was out but you're kind of supposed to
keep punching until the referee pulls
you already wasn't in the right place to
pull him off damn but that's kind of
crazy that that's his Pogo horse
Dan Henderson is a fucking savage Ickes
he's the last person do you want to piss
off yeah that's too much I'd be like
Cosby having a logo of like a lady
sleeping look at that not sure why
Michael Bisping doesn't like my logo he
isn't even in it
he's a fucking world champion that's
that's the kind of mentality that you
have to have to be the kind mean he was
a I think he was a 2 Division champion
in Pride I think he won that yeah I know
he did he won the 85 pound title and the
205 pound title m-m-m-monster yeah one
of the greats
and he was a woman no he is now though
the whole thing is cookies and they he's
a vain now he's on a woman okay perfect
I like ave that's easy babies it's in it
weird now that like the nicest thing you
can say about a person is I don't agree
with everything they say but I still
like them it's like I hate that we have
to do that that's so narcissistic I
disagree with some of the things I gotta
let everybody know that yeah I hate that
cages like a guy I wonder if narcissism
if you could track narcissism on a chart
I wonder if it's ramped up because it's
so faux are you kidding of course what
do you mean but right it is like
something that you feed right I mean it
is a psychological condition that you
also probably can treat like I don't
know say if you have far in yeah but if
you have narcissism and you get humbled
by life you take some take some ELLs in
your life and yeah what you need do you
need everybody does and yeah you also
maybe you grow older and
wiser and you realized this is stupid to
beat making duck faces on a stick and
you know that whoever seen this image
there's a fucking photos one of my
favorite photos a candy for there's a
girl on a lounge chair with her ass up
in the air and she's holding a selfie
stick and a honey guy's taking a picture
of her taking this picture that's
fucking ridiculous it is she's literally
got her ass straight up in the air she's
got this selfie stick and she's on a
lounge chair by the side of the pool and
he got it and I think like the captions
like 2019 be like it's true I mean back
in the day to get on TV that's classic
still loving our generation that's what
it is come on okay it's barstool sports
has it up might look at that that is so
crazy I bet she nailed that photo though
the dicks that must have come into her
DM like a sleepy river filled with
lumber just rolling towards her the
logging camp yeah just a fucking a
lumber boat overturned well like in the
80s or 90s to get on a camera you had to
walk by like a TV store I remember you'd
be like oh shit I bought it remember we
would look out and that was like a big
deal but now it's just in your pocket
now it's so easy then you can put out
into the world and anybody be on YouTube
anybody can have an Instagram your whole
life people just storing everything now
it's like it's too easy it's me me me
your voice is counted it sucks yeah
that's the thing two opinions are
counted from the time you're 12 on write
your opinion if you if you have a
twelve-year-old moron and he writes a
tweet yeah it looks just like a scholar
the same fuck the words are spelled with
use auto correct so it corrects the word
right like you fucking idiot that could
be from a 12 year old or could be from a
50 year old guy who works at Stanford
right right and it's written so you just
kind of buy it yeah this guy's thoughts
yes yes I know it's terrifying man
what's also interesting a louis c.k a
funny thought on this that really
resonated he was like it's when people
say thing on things on twitter it's just
talk right it's written down so
everyone's like look look look look what
he said like people say crazy shit all
the time
chorus and where
used to say fuck that guy yeah he was
right fuck that guy on Twitter look it's
written it's official written yeah it's
like people have said things about
people for since the beginning of time
and then why'd you say that amendment
I'm sorry fucking drunk and those mad my
girlfriend broke up with me yeah shit
and people get over it but if it's
written and then people retweet oh yeah
I remember when you said this about you
exactly delete it but I got a photo of
it yeah how many times you talk shit
about a comic and then you walk in the
grid when he's sitting there you were
just talking but it wasn't written now
it's not official now it's on paper well
it's you know look most of us deserve to
have some shit said about us every now
and again yeah yeah but the loudest
people are the ones who have a lot of
shit and they yell at you before you
find their shit oh that's what's always
wrong you'll find out well every green
when I go to there's all this shit on
Twitter then I go in the green we go we
don't agree with that right and I go now
come on it's crazy
then you go back to your bullshit life
on I know a guy who's like an animal
activist he kicks his dog yeah it's like
I go to his apartment his dog like hey
get out of there he kicks it in the ribs
you like no guy are you gonna yell peas
and you're like what you're the activist
dude you know you're PETA bitch dick I
know but then the online it's set we all
are fucked we are all selfish we're all
shitty we're all cunts we're all cowards
deep down we have all that but on
Twitter you can be a superhero yeah well
we're all primates yeah it's all got
some weird monkey energy inside of us
and you know it's sometimes it comes out
wrong especially because you're
different all the time right different
depending upon the kind of stress you're
under with another bleep you just got
fired right so so many variables that
people don't want to take any
consideration yeah yeah and you want to
look good you want to look cool it's
like makeup Twitter is makeup
dude Twitter is make up your Romo
t-shirt bro you're right you just nailed
it I think it is like that it's like
you're pretending you're something that
you know you're dressing it up and some
people go so far as Twitter for them as
plastic surgery where they're just
giving in I know like I'm hooked on this
right well I don't know if you know this
but a lot of ladies they they take the
Photoshop to the photos and they like
make their butt bigger and their waist
smaller in the legs thinner right
so my wife will go out with her friends
and one of her friends is basically a
magician she'll take a photo and just
start fucking with things and make make
girls heads bigger another girl bigger
arms make me secure I make her way
smaller they do weird shit yeah they do
like a little subtle things like I make
this bitch's nose a little bigger they
do weird shit to each other well then
they call each other you got to take
that picture down I'll fix it I'll fix
your nose right so the change in your
nose and put it back up like it's
cartooning it's like I'm doing cartoons
you're making cartoons right that's not
even a person anymore
it's funny because like a lot of guys
you know we're shallow and material Ike
we call it visual
we're very visual and and women always
help men or so pig they're pigs all they
care about is tits and like no no you
care - don't act like it's just us right
you want a few you have 18 filters on
your face because you want to look good
Rogers us you're you're shallow as well
well I had a bit that I did in my last
special about watching Fox News and
about how Bill O'Reilly was sitting
right next to megyn kelly and then I go
and they're right next to each other so
I assume they're in the same climate but
Bill O'Reilly was dressed like it was
chilly out right he had a shirt and a
jacket and a tie I go megyn kelly was
wearing something that was best to be
described as a vagina curtain and it
wasn't a good curtain either I go is
like one of those curtains sits over
grandma's kitchen sinks kind of flutter
in the breeze all right you don't see
the yard yeah I'm like her vaginas right
there and it's cut low so you got me
some of her tits right like you see it
you see it just now many sleeves on like
there's so much skin yeah but a man if a
man wore a sleeveless skirt to an office
he would be fired
well we're gross is that sexism what is
that probably I mean by definition it is
but we don't give a shit it's like I'm a
girl it's a ton of cleavage you go wow
it's a lot of cleavage I go whoa easy
creep like you have the cleavage right
I'm the weirdo for calling it I was
showing it everywhere yeah if a guy has
yoga pants on in a giant hog where
kielbasa in his pants yeah are you
allowed to say anything to him you go
hey you got to go home and change what
if you're straight and he's straight and
you go bro nice dick yeah just a
compliment that's cool hey you're not
trying to hit on them I know then they
get blurred with the men and women stuff
because we're the same but then you we
have different rules so it's all very
confusing
well girl
can say girl your ass looks amazing
right and no one cares what girls could
say that - girl sure and gay guys can
say it - girls oh yeah they could say
had the girls yeah yeah yeah the gay guy
girl relationship is a special one it is
special because it's girls they could be
around guys but they're around guys who
fuck guys right so they feel safe yeah
yeah it's all rape that just comes down
to the rape threat oh yeah right there's
no theft there's no threat exactly and
there's no threat of deception right
there's guys not interested in you right
he's not pretending he wants to fuck or
he doesn't want to fuck you when he
actually does so you don't really know
like like how many girls have those
fucking Creepo friends that have just
been lurking in Jerry waiting on the
shore for the boat to come into the dock
gotta be tough to be a gal for that one
it's got to be tough to be that guy
Wow that too but hoping she gets fat
hoping things go wrong hoping she gets
fat he might pull out maybe not he might
d-doc but I probably just get her back
in shape again once he gets her I think
if we knew how much girls wanted to be
found attractive they'd be a little
embarrassed I think if we knew how
important that was because girls are
very secretive women sorry women like
I'm a big fan of the ladies blah blah
blah but I think a lot of the things
that they are thinking if that was out
they would be embarrassed you know cuz
they're they got some stuff going on in
that noggin that we don't know about
well it's like there's so much currency
in being yes yeah woman it's like being
a celebrity man right right like if
Chris Rock shows up anywhere people like
oh shit it's Chris Rock Cheryl on in
Chris Rock hey come on you come in the
restaurant we got a seat for you get the
forgot seat Chris Rock's gonna sit here
do you would you like a drink would you
look at this would ya that you want
something for free we'll give you gifts
like you know it's like this is
celebrity well a woman who's really hot
yeah has almost the same treatment like
come on in right drink I'll get your
train course Hey ladies what are you
doing later afterparty love to have you
come yeah now they get invited like
their course yeah it's different a
really attractive woman is like like a
superhero
yeah have superpowers and men fall apart
like if women I think they know that
power there but they don't logical but
they don't experience it they don't
experience it from the perspective of a
male oh if they knew how fucking juiced
up we were when you see a beautiful one
with the leg
and the skirt the kleva it's insanity I
wish I could feel that for one second
insanity feel how horny and crazy and
like you're irrational
you're not thinking rationally no you
stumble over your words you say stupid
shit you don't really mean only closest
thing is you know when like sometimes
you're about to bang a gal and like
you're about to put it in and she's all
ready to go you go I'm gonna hang back
and she's like what the fuck that's the
closest women will get to knowing how
horny we are when do you do that well
we've done that with girlfriends and
stuff you know like she's laying there
huh you tease your girlfriend for fun
yeah you like more than I can't get up
yet she's you know soaking wet blankets
ruined and you know the candles lit and
yeah yeah and she's got a little glass
of sweat from the first time I went down
on her and made her jizz and now she's
ready for the the medium-sized dong to
penetrate and if you could bottle that
that feeling that women have right then
when they they call you the f-word like
I've had women say horrible things
because they're so worked up the gay
f-word yo yeah just like what do you say
come on I don't want to say it cuz you
know who knows but you want you
cancelled exactly but if you could
bottle that you and Lee were alone you
say of course yes yes yes but people
can't see intent they can't see new odds
these cuts yeah they can look I grew up
in a black neighborhood there was a big
difference from when one guy would go
fuck you white boy to fuck you white boy
there's intent of course both are racist
I guess they're both there you know evil
or mean but I knew what one group meant
I know what another group well it's like
same words it's like the word retarded
yes if you use that with you you could
use that word and everyone laughs or you
can use that word in you're a monster
where I use that word a little kid that
has a disease like Down syndrome or
something you're a monster or you know
with your friend and he's like we're my
fucking keys where are my fucking keys
like hey dude they're in your hand
retard of course of course that's that's
the bummer of all that is everybody
knows that everybody knows that in
they're playing games they're playing
games they're like well they're playing
games and they're trying to eliminate
your ability to express yourself with
nuance because they're trying to pretend
that these words can't
mean different things yeah they always
have meant always so they're taking away
that but you're not gonna fix anybody
you're not gonna die right you're not
gonna make sick people better exactly
you're not gonna do anything different
yes language is complex there's a lot of
emotions are complex and the scenarios
in which you're using those language
right that's why I don't get why would
you want to be on that bad snitch kunti
tattletale side of all this cuz they
want to be woke because there's a lot of
fear in being against woken us that's
what it is coming after you but you're a
good human I'm a decent douche like we I
feel like we have good bones and we want
to help people like your you would
probably stop a bully if he was picking
on a weaker person oh for sure so that's
to me that's more important than
nitpicking through the alternative word
they don't see that you know and also
here's another problem with when it
comes to people like you or me we are in
this weird place where we're talking and
literally right now millions of people
are listening that is strange right and
no one thinks that's fair including me
and you yeah it's not normal so people
that are listening there's a certain
percentage then we're like fuck that guy
why is he talking why do you get to try
right you know and so you say anything
that deviates from the standard like the
what like if you have to if you have to
comply 100% if you don't want to be shit
on you have to comply 100% and then if
you carry they come after it is scary
and it's a bummer who wants to live like
that well nobody does but here's the
thing when you don't comply so many
people like thank you of course there's
so many there's a I think more more
people are happy it's just the voices
that are upset at you all right you're
not being woke are the louder ones right
they're more into it because they're
retarded way to tie it all up there it's
a weird thing it's a weird thing we're
doing with language it's very very weird
my friend a good point black guy by the
way and he would say like it's got to be
weird in 10 years when this kind of all
dissipates and some ladies in a job
interview and she's like I'd love to
work here and the the guys like says
here in 2016 you wrote men are scum
what did you mean by that I'm a man and
she's made like oh it was a different
time you know
emotions were high and Harvey Weinstein
he's like yeah but that's hurtful like
yeah I'm a man you're saying it's kind
of quite a generalization you know like
that's so mean it's always a big scandal
about that just a couple not even a
couple years ago maybe a year ago or so
there's a woman who got hired by the New
York Times they were going through our
tweets and a lot of it was like anti
white men tweets yeah she said that it
was she was doing it ironically and she
was also doing it to respond to people
that were tweeting hate hateful things
that are on it and also she was young
like a lot of times you're you're
tweeting stuff when you're young and
you're trolling and you don't even know
what you're doing yeah yeah and that's a
great tweet the other day about how you
like there's that big white male rage is
like a big funny thing going around
right now it's a guy he'll rage yeah
white male rage like the Joker
oh and everything works it's funny cuz
you know there's a lot of white male
rage out there so it works but it's also
weird that we've kind of funneled you're
not allowed to be mean any other group
and talk about it like black people ever
age Asians have rage but you can white
male it to death yeah which is like as a
comic you're like well now it's kind of
hack because you're just doing that
every time and be there's other rages so
why wouldn't you wanna but you're so
worried about being appropriate that you
have to just stick with this one that
everybody you I don't know it feels very
easy woke culture know if you know this
but it's impossible to be racist against
white people you know that because white
people was PowerPlus but something is
racism uh-huh
why people are always in power so you
can't be racist against white people
it's nonsense
it feels very condescending didn't
ground people to my god won't ever talk
about you you're perfect let's let's
ruin this honky over here well that
they're loud and boring the people that
do that they're loud and boring and out
of them there's a lot of them well
there's also a lot of 20 year olds out
there look if you want me when I was 20
I would be loud and fucking boring
really annoying that's the other thing
is like a Shane Gillis peel go can you
believe he said that I'm like what you
said this thing ten years ago but I've
evolved well maybe yeah well well not
only that you got to understand that
he's talking shit and back then he
didn't think anybody was listening ah
you're talking shit when you're talking
shit you just trying to make your
friends laugh right
you know yeah who's trying to say
inappropriate things that you're not
supposed to say to make his friends
laugh sure that's what you do man that's
what you do it doesn't mean you mean
those things yeah that's what white
whale male rages that hashtag is an
appropriate shit to make the people
laugh but because there's so much
content out there and all of us are
putting out so much content and find
these instances where you're just
talking shit and if you just isolate
those you can pretend that that defines
a person right it doesn't right but it
doesn't because you never use the good
shit exactly you're defined by a giant
chunk of whoever you are like all the
things you do you know you have your
weak spots and you have your strong
points you're defined by a lot of things
that's like when I saw that CNN thing it
was like like that's not why the show is
popular you're pretending that this show
has gotten all these downloads because
it's like this white transphobic hate
platform yes not true that's not true
yeah I mean I'm not even like speaking
for myself like just looking at it
objectively that doesn't make any sense
yeah but if you say that you could
change you can shift of glory people and
so that's what they were trying to do
but all it really does is a road
people's confidence in your ability to
describe things ah yeah you lose your
genuine card you gotta trust that guy
you know what they did to Genki ogre it
was the young turks he's a political
commentator he was talking that this is
one of the most egregious ones I've ever
seen ever he was talking about to David
Duke on the phone right and David Duke
saying I'm not racist
you know David Duke fucking yeah so he
goes oh of course you're not racist so
they use that as a quote saying that he
said to David Duke oh of course you're
not racist Wow
and they tried to say that he was you
know coddling David Duke that's a lot of
spin but it's not spin it's it's
deceptive it's a lie let's and then they
made a retraction but it's too late and
not only that like why why do you want
to do that bullets because he's running
for Congress mmm so jancuga right now is
running for Congress yeah foreign so
they tried to do that to him in the same
way it's like this weird thing they have
this year these relationships with
politicians and political parties and
they don't want people like him in
because he's one of those take the money
out of politics ah he's got this thing's
Wolf Pack where they're trying to take
money out of politics the same thing
that Bernie Sanders is doing
interesting I see a pattern here well I
mean look that's where they're bread's
buttered they wanna they wanna they want
more butter they want more bread but
it's funny because like an you know when
I was a kid you hear about the 60s and
Nixon and all this corruption you're
like oh that's the 60s but it just keeps
going it's a different kind of
corruption it's it's sanctioned
corruption it's legal corruption you're
allowed to do it these relationships
it's not illegal you should you know you
should have to there's one of the things
they do that's really sneaky is they
hire these media companies to do
organized campaigns so if you see a
bunch of people tweeting mean shit about
a candidate a lot of times you go and
you see well who's tweeting this they
have one fuckin follower of course and
they've only been posting for like a
week and most of the stuff they're
posting is against this one candidate
yeah they have these dummy accounts so
either it's a person who that's the only
time they've signed up for Twitter and
they just want to shit on Bernie Sanders
yeah or it's a this sort of contrived
collection of people where or I mean
fake people look like one person has
like 50 accounts right or one you know
media company you know a media
organizing company that is like
literally hired to do a campaign to try
to push a narrative and so they just
fill the mentions up with these BOTS
essentially saying a bunch of different
things that are negative about a
candidate or negative about a person or
negative about whatever about anything
yeah you know and this is one of the
ways that they sort of try to shift the
zeitgeist and when they can't control
that when they don't have to control the
narrative then they start panicking and
then they pull out the heavy guns
yeah and they start asking you know
these news stories whether it's a
newspaper or you know an online
publication to write inflammatory things
about you yeah yeah that's that's
essentially how they try to shift
opinion on things and it's not illegal
right right but it's fucking super
Sneaky and really sleazy it's funny how
they do the it's not a legal loophole
kind of because it's still wrong and
mean and hurtful and a lie but when it
machen it was a comic right imagine if
you say look aren't you filming a
special tonight Marc yes I am two shows
dynasty typewriter I don't know when
this comes out sorry sold out right yeah
sold out baby
I'll show you fucks can't get in yeah so
imagine if this special comes out and
you you tweet a link to it and then
underneath it you use 50 dummy accounts
talking about how fucking amazing that
special right and then people find out
about it yeah and they go Jesus Christ
mark Normand what the fuck is wrong with
you what do you mean they would say that
to you like if you had 50 dummy accounts
politicians do
that's what corporations it's a lot of
people do that to try to shift opinion
alright and they're doing it through
Twitter you know what this solution that
is stay the fuck off Twitter well how
long till it's illegal if I was like
it's getting dangerous out there doing
stuff like that sort of should be
illegal mmm
doing it like having like it's basically
what the internet research agency in
Russia was doing when they were having
all these fake accounts and they were
tweeting all I mean they were they were
doing all kinds of different things like
they were pretending that it was black
women against Hillary Clinton Russians
like no that's black women we can't vote
for this bitch yeah like and then there
were also Whitey's are like on the side
of the black women they were even
organized this stuff I had a woman in
here her name was Renee to Resta and she
spent an incredible amount of time
analyzing this stuff and it has all this
data and like hundreds of thousands of
posts and millions of interactions and
all these different like really can
shift the narrative on things and it's
all this fucking troll farm in Russia
where people getting high hired to
pretend like Muslims and Texas
separatists they put together these
organizations across the street from
each other yeah so the Texas separatists
and this Muslim group and they're both
organized by these fake internet
research agency people that are working
in Russia and they put their their their
fucking protests right across the street
from each other look at that and so
they're fighting with each other
that's a they must be having a blast
watching that shit go down well also
they're funny that's what's really right
their memes memes they make are really
funny like they made some fucking killer
memes yeah
legitimately hilarious and she was
talking about she's like I'm telling you
I was laughing really hard and a lot of
these memes yeah yeah oh man what a
kooky world were living in and I I don't
even want to dive into it because it
bothers me it's weird but I think it's
important to talk about I can't talk
about like this on a podcast because it
let's people know like oh that's what's
happening when you gray and so you know
what else people do they have these
accounts that they use for a long period
of time as a fake account so they'll
even put fake photographs up a little
bit of cartoon fixture up and then
they'll use it to talk about random shit
right they'll tweet about star wars and
the weather and oh my god global warming
is real can you believe this they'll put
retweet interesting articles and they
just do this to try to give it the
illusion that it's a real person yeah
and they'll have 80 of those yeah and
this is all a company so if like if you
have a media corporation that is the
design and the company with it what they
do is they make these media campaigns on
social media they organize campaigns to
push a narrative they'll have these
things just like a company would have
assets right they have these accounts
they'll have fake accounts and it's not
illegal what do you call that gig that
seems like a pretty good gig just making
fake Twitter accounts and then you know
having fun little jovial nice quips and
so maybe a campaign you mean that
business if you wanted to do that Wow
it's not illegal right now sure sure but
maybe we should just get rid of Twitter
I mean I like it because I write jokes
and I like to get feedback on jokes and
whatever but it seems like it's doing
more harm than good
well it's doing good and it's doing harm
where it does really good is in like I
mean Arab Spring you know a lot of the
stuff that happens overseas like these
people one of the only ways they can get
the news out because the news is locked
down in their country one of the only
ways they can get the news out is
through social media and sometimes
sometimes even through a virtual private
network right and you know they have to
use a VPN a VPN rather to go and rings
or soap of all time that's the one that
you can cut into the Irish Spring one I
always wanted to cut into that
commercial cutting soap is fun like
that's how people learn to carve wood
sometimes they use soap as like a little
practice but yeah um I don't understand
body wash do you do body wash why I
don't trust it come on man
I don't do cologne either well cologne
is weird that's that's deep-end weird I
don't get guys who do cologne what is
body wash is it so the liquid but is it
soap it's soap you you usually put on a
loofah
oh I'm not opposed to it I like the
black bar yeah give me the bar
do you know different like ethnicities
like oh you white people are weird yes
go ahead go ahead cut up my black
friends get mad at me cuz I don't have a
washcloth yeah a lot of uh not just
black but Latinos as well oh is that
right Latino if they like washcloths and
white people are disgusting we just use
soap and then you know your wife goes in
later and she uses a shelf and you're
fuckin kids using the soap oh yeah hey
hey what are we doing here I mean I got
that soap up my ass and everything
bumpin uglies yeah but it's also a weird
one you're showering with a lady ever
remember you showering with your
girlfriend one who's new yeah and fuckin
in the shower and then you gotta wash
your ass it was always a weird moment
that's a weird moment yeah when you if
you try to have sex in the shower like
who gets the water
I'm cold over here especially New York
right also the water will ruin the the
the Lube if you will natural the natural
ooh yes yeah it gets it all rinses it
away a little too much friction so
you're trying to slide down a slide and
your ass cheek keeps hitting the plastic
all right you want to pull your shorts
down a little bit so you can shower sex
is the worst yeah it's like a good idea
I think are used to have a bit about it
it's a good idea on paper right but in
practice it's not really the best move
yeah you losing libido there cuz you're
what 6152 ah put on testosterone I take
testosterone placement so I'm not losing
shit you still horny all the time okay
yeah I have my testosterone levels are
basically like what they should be if I
was thirty right basically the same I
feel I got crazy with it I'm still horny
but now that I'm with a lady you know I
don't
I like glad because I don't have the
energy to do the small talk bang but
then more little shit out of bullshit do
it it's brutal
yeah that's the hard part to me well
that's the part about being single is
the yeah it's not necessarily deceptive
but you are definitely putting on a
little bit of an act of course polishing
up the old turd yeah yeah just like you
just thinking like how long how long
how long how long for the underwear
cutoff yeah can we fuck and the girls
they're not dumb they know that they're
gone alright he wants the fuck now but
I'm like get more food out of them and
drinks and knows the most depressing
thing about being single after you came
you'd be like what did I do
oh yeah I gotta get out of my life what
happened yeah I went on a real tear and
that was every morning was just like oh
I got to make some changes will you
start thinking that you really are into
this person and come make me like no
makes you realize biology is a mother
fart like it knows what it's doing
deceptive oh yeah yeah well Brett
Weinstein was explaining it to me he's a
biologist knew explaining to me the
there's different strategies for mating
that biology is set up for us and
there's two different like types of
women that are attractive to men he was
like there's beautiful and then there's
hot uh-huh and there's a difference and
what beautiful is someone who has good
genetics she seems like she has a
pleasant demeanor you like her
personality I want to be around her and
then there's hot or it's kind of slutty
hot porn star the reason why you like
that is because the idea is that you can
mate with them quickly you can spread
your DNA but you don't have to make any
commitment you can write a write so
literally these strategies are set up by
nature so when you see a girl with a
little tiny skirt and big giant tits
stuffed into this like fucking crazy
cleavage like and like little short
little thing and her belly showing she's
like you know there's not a whole lot of
game here right and get right to it yeah
and then if you shoot one in there and
make a baby it's like you're you can
spread those genes very quickly so
throughout humanity like throughout like
the evolution of the human animal that
has probably been a strategy that
evolved so like women that like maybe
their personality sucks or maybe they're
abused so they don't have high
self-esteem so they feel like the best
way to definitely get attention without
making sure that they that a man works
for it yeah because they don't feel like
they're valuable enough right uh-huh
so they'll wear like skimpy clothes and
they'll slide it up why do you think it
is that a lady is so bummed out after
the
like if you want to leave because you
pretend that you're so into her and you
think you're so into her and then as
soon as you come she's like oh he's
gonna hate me now he wants to leave cuz
that feeling like when you come if you
don't if you're not really into a girl
and you got tricked by your own dick
yeah and then after you orgasm like what
the fuck that feeling which every guy
knows I know it's natural II don't know
what I don't understand you of Cour well
that's why it's annoying women go men
are such pigs like this how I'm wired
like you can't sure that's like me going
hey you're bleeding weirdo like no
that's just how your body's made it's
how my body's made one can sympathize
ten they want more no we actually think
we won't do we do think it yeah until
you come and I'm like oh I've been in
love all night I'm like this is the best
woman on earth and then it just all the
interest shoots out of it well but how
about this ladies and this is gonna be
controversial but look I hang out with
you we're not fucking yeah why don't you
bring it like give me some knock knocks
or something like give me some joke give
me some jokes give me something to work
with yeah like all you showed me was
like I chased you for five hours all
night you know trying to win you over
trying to be funny trying to be
interesting why don't you spin it now
why don't you win me over right right
right
you're kind of in a way you're kind of
saying like sex is my only thing no but
there's a lot of funny interesting cool
ladies out there so yeah but you know
there's a lot of boring dudes too so
with your a lot of people boring people
is yeah there's a lot of people that are
born male and female could imagine being
a girl and having some boring ass
fucking dude trying to stick gotta be
brutal oh yeah everywhere you go and
then saying hey you know you should post
my little make you hate that move is
that everywhere oh maybe must have guys
do do that they make us look bad really
dumb guy and a dumber girl yeah maybe it
would work oh I'm sorry
sometimes I'm self-conscious about my
smile oh you got a beautiful smile you
things huh yeah
okay thanks yelling those two are made
for each other yeah you guys deserve
looking the audience there really should
both go into the woods and get eaten by
wolves that's what should happen right
in the real like if if we really were
trying to make a better human race there
would be more variables isn't there be
more more traps that's true that's true
but we got to be nice you know well we
should be nice we should be nice but
sometimes I think it's just genes like
sometimes sometimes people just have
knucklehead genes well yeah sometimes I
see people you know you're walking down
the sidewalk and seen in somebody's
living room and they're 8,000 pounds
they're watching two and a half minute a
bowl of Cheetos in a beer you're like
you're kind of a waste of life like no
offense you deserve life you have a
right to live but I'm out here trying to
write jokes and I'm driving from gig to
gig I'm doing pods I'm going gay
whatever it is at least I'm trying
something least I have a little ambition
you're moving yes experiencing life yeah
even if you send a tweet out at least
like you put something into the world
even though it could be horrible but
like this guy I'm just like you're just
waiting to die you just counting the
minutes till you go there's something
about like and then they have kids and
they're like now you brought even more
shit into the world okay you're alright
but like you know you see you're a dad
of nine or whatever and then have 80
kids 80 kids that's a lot of
testosterone it's putting in you but
yeah so you probably teach your kids
like hey make some with your life yeah
well they can only use electronics for a
certain amount of time good for you they
you know and they they're involved in
activities they play sports they do
things I think you gotta do stuff with
them too and also they have to see that
you're doing yes yeah parent like one of
the things that kids get out of you is
that they see you live by example yes
that's important totally and and then on
the flip side though I get selfish and I
go well it's a good thing this fat cunt
is sitting in a Barcalounger all night
because now I get to go do some with my
life and he's not in my way that and you
also feel better you know right I come
home from a hard day of getting after it
yeah see that fat slob sitting for the
TV laughing really hard at Big Bang
Theory yeah okay buddy I'm fucking
better than you you hate to say it but
that's why I like sometimes I think us
being
were under six foot and that a bummer
when you love to be six foot I don't
know man I kind of something about me
being short has helped me be more
ambitious that's what I'm saying benefit
it's probably benefit to it right right
that's you want it that's why I like it
sounds bad but ugly people are funny
it's a lot of ugly fun and you got a
break they did some study where kids are
more trust ugly people less so it's not
just being shallow it's kind of innate
oh yeah well imagine being a woman who
has terrible genetics and Chan's
probably someone listening to right now
and it's not a goddamn thing you can do
about it it's not your fault you got a
giant Fred Flintstone head chair and
make your way through this life with the
football players body oh yeah I got some
moles on you you got everything wrong
yeah it's falling out yeah yeah stubby
fingers had jowls you know Turkey and
weird elbows and it's out there just
trying to get after it yeah and nobody
wants it yeah that's why I love an ugly
lady who's horny because that's my
favorite I love that I'm not saying to
bang I mean I have but I love an ugly
horny lady because she's I feel like we
have a lot in common I have a buddy mine
and his favorite is a girl with kind of
a Mugsy face but a killer Bob oh those
gals go to work that hits a nerve in a
guy because he like it's attainable and
she's probably like God like normal self
esteems she's not entitled she's at the
gym every day all day doing squats yeah
it's the same with meathead boring guys
who are like I got to get some traps cuz
I got no skills that ended in a talking
wise yeah just find some dingbat chick
and shoot those fucking loads into her
yeah you hope that the all those groups
meet like you dumb work yeah an asteroid
yeah over there yeah it's I mean but
some things bats have kids and those
kids go goddamn my parents are true but
I'm gonna do something with my life
that's a good point that happens a lot I
know a lot of really fucking smart
people of idiots for parents that's a
good point yeah thank God for those
people I think that's you know that
whole expression like hard times make
hard man or men make easy times easy
times make weak men I'm hard I'm hard I
think there's something like that like
fucked up parents make interesting
kids sometimes not all the time not all
the time yeah it's not like a pedophile
where if I touch your kid he'll be a
pedophile that's a weird way isn't that
creates like vampires yeah that's a
weird that's that's apparently a big one
with priests this thing about how many
priests who molest kids were actually
molested by priests and it's like it's
very high that is wild horrible yeah you
think like I'd go the other way
yeah you would think you learned some
horrible thing happened you you don't
ever want that to happen to someone else
but it just shows how fucking crazy kid
fucking gets into a kid's psyche like it
messes you up breaks everything yeah cuz
you're in this you know and also you've
like lost your trust and adults and then
you're a lot of girls when they get
molested when they're young they become
hyper sexualized and they they try to
use their sex to get attention like deep
into their lives sure like a lot of porn
stars I think we're a lot of porn sidled
yeah yeah yes but then there's also the
the Oprah's of the world the Michael
Jackson the Tyler Perry these people
were all diddled hmm and look at them
they use their their diddle anger into
greatness sure yeah yeah it's not
standard no it's not like everybody who
you got a chance last it yeah it's like
when you get bullied you can channel
your rage into like getting better at
something have you seen do you watch TV
at all oh yeah he wants the outsider on
HP I keep hearing how great it is joel
is told me was amazing i watch episode 4
last night fucking-a that shows good is
it horror I don't like horror it is hard
yeah but it's it's it's I don't want to
give away too much it's a mystery it's
Jason Biggs everything amazing he's
amazing he's amazing in Ozark this is
like that but like it's I don't want to
give away too much it's horror mystery
alright it's fucking good man I'll check
it out I mean there's not a moment in
that show so far but I've been like what
it's Stephen King right yeah he's a
beast
Stephen how many books is that guy
really fun in fact what in the fuck
Stephen King grew up poor in Maine and
his dad did the old cigarette move and
never came back
going out for a pack of smokes fatty and
I'll see you in hell never came back
look at him greatness you got a channel
it folks have you ever read Stephen King
on writing no tastic book oh I'd like to
fantastic it's all his process for
writing and like him like all the
different things he's gone through while
he was writing and you know a lot of the
books he wrote like amazing ones
yeah like Cujo he doesn't even remember
writing it Wow just fucked up on coke
and booze is that right yeah yeah just
finding like fucking an empty case in
his writing room yeah coke everywhere
and just like this amazing book that
makes me like him more I didn't take it
I think Carrie was the first one that he
sold it was a carrier Christine Carrie
Carrie Carrie is the first one who sold
they just right out of the bat they're
like holy fuck was this guy doing and he
was just boozing and smoking and smoking
a ton of cigarettes too that's
apparently he said that was one of the
big bombers when he quit smoking
cigarettes is that cigarettes apparently
positively affect it juices yeah yeah
juices apiece Isner oh right right that
the firing of the neurons yeah I've had
a cigarette before I go on stage before
oh yeah yeah yeah you know cliff used to
smoke cigarettes now he just does the
vape thing and one time I was like give
me one of those let me try it yeah
before when I was like oh get juiced up
and then I did with Chappelle when Shep
Ellen Island a couple of marinas yeah
but that's that's one of the reasons why
it fires up your brain uh-huh in a very
unusual way and I think probably more so
for someone who doesn't smoke of course
because you're not chasing the dragon
you just get in the rush with the gum
work or is it happy to sing tried the
gum it didn't do much for me cigars work
that's too much smoking cigars every now
and then and halfway through I always go
I got to stop you almost throw up yeah
you almost throw up and it just it gets
me cloudy a little bit I'm my anxiety
goes up for me definitely it's your
anxiety like you you smoke weed a lot
I'm such a lightweight when it comes to
the the ganja I just think all the
negative goes up and the bad goes down
or the good goes down yeah you know any
demons I hate myself no one likes you
you're gay whatever it is so it all
escalates
well these good things none of those
things are true so just smoke more weed
just deal with life but I can't live
it eats me alive it's too strong the
voices are too powerful
yeah that's voices I like them they
teach you things like you things that
are fucking with you they teach you like
but I can't win I can't beat them mmm
like when I'm hungover oh my god it's
not just physical pain it's like yeah I
can't the phone rings I'm like I can't
do it I can't it's horrible yeah I gotta
work on that
well maybe not you know everybody's
different like some people have a really
adverse reaction to coffee caffeine
fucks them up yeah some people just
can't drink coffee oh I love cup and
some people can't smoke weed it's like
we're all so different yeah I have
friends one drink and they get fucking
gerbil eyes and they're off to the races
where they are yeah gone and now you
know Mike's gone and this is a fucking
shell that looks like Mike with fucking
shark eyes just running around with no
soul it's like their soul leaves for
their ears oh it's so under estimated or
under whatever because we hunt for
drinks and I'm like I notice I'm
knocking a mailbox off at the car with a
baseball bat I don't feel any guilt
about it but it give you a sober you'd
be like shit if somebody's coming we're
gonna get caught we're gonna get on film
oh dude especially if you're doing many
shots come on pussy one more more let's
do it yeah and you're you know eight
nine drinks in you're like you're gone
you know anymore it's also crazy to
think from 13 to 31 I was drunk the
whole time 13 Oh New Orleans man we just
right after it early and it was just
part of the culture your dad would hand
you a Miller High Life you know and shut
up and drink this really yeah it was fun
time I mean I lost my virginity to a
prostitute I lived and grew up eight
blocks from the French Quarter with the
public school it was bananas out there
yeah we talked about you're transgender
a nanny that was taking care of you two
got that right eating up people for
taking your bike yeah I tried to sell
him pitching all this shit nobody nobody
wants it God really I've pitched your
whores out of a job and he was really
good on the other one he was good yeah
he's a beast he got in trouble with the
real transgender people I heard I
most trans people I've met are pretty
cool and like they don't want to be
coddled so much you know we think Oh
easy uh you know what's weird out it
we're not really helpful to midgets have
you noticed then I don't think you're
supposed to say that emo uh what do you
call them people smaller people little
people sorry I mean I'm friends with a
couple littles but how do you shorten
little people lp's yeah help ease all
right and we're standard play yeah
they're little but yeah they're all good
eggs and they don't get any help like no
one's shortening anything like nothing
on earth is designed for them and sure
we don't like toilets are still tall
right and they gotta jump up there right
bones we help with the toilet and I'm
saying that's great we accommodate but
why don't we ever help them and that's
strange
what do you think there's more oh
there's got to be more midge not anymore
becoming really chic yeah but but midge
you can't pick right well I don't have
trans you can't fake it
you can't fake a midge mmm it's image
it's a name yeah it's it's tricky though
it's like call it's like calling a white
guy with a backwards baseball hat a
wigger right like I don't know if you
that sounds too much like bigger the
poof yeah you could jump high you know
we the Pooh is all about an acid trip no
they said about everything a ride come
on go on the ride yeah something bride
yeah the ride at Disneyland does like
the worst ride of all time it's
basically an acid trip hmm I remember
one of the times I did it I went through
Disneyland high as fuck and I was on the
rise like oh this is Winnie the Pooh's
he's on acid uh-huh there's all these
visuals and everything becomes
psychedelic and the colors are weird
really yes if you had a video of the
Winnie the Pooh right no I'm telling you
Alice in Wonderland I'll get are those
mushrooms as talking cats and shit no
something happens during the ride and
you go like when he goes in the way the
Pooh goes into dreamland
oh I don't nobody goes into dreamland
it's you're basically on acid you're
going to an acid trip just yet I was
like he's mellow he's got he's eating
honey he's got no pants
mmm doesn't feel acity well watch this
see who do to do Disneyworld Disneyland
Disneyland she's out here so yeah you go
through everything's normal and then not
really this is just pretty these lights
and yeah you're on this little fucking
thing and you're in the little roller
coaster ride and though here's Winnie
alright
floating around with a balloon it's kind
of a cool ride you know what is great
kind of nice my daughters were really
young I like this oh so pretty very
pretty going through and there's a or
and then there's that other pig the
fabulous piglet and so then you go
through a bunch of shit happens and give
me a little fast-forward here because
it's gonna be boring is the worst trip
ever that LSD honey in that like the way
I think that's well there's that Nepal
honey that's psychedelic honey maybe
that's what it does give me a little
fast-forward it is a little trippy so
that's it that's the trip so right there
so what happens before that trip find
out what happens right before that Jamie
something happens yeah see cuz he's
floating watch so we need the Pooh is
sitting there and then all sudden he
floats out of his head and look I'm
floating all right like he's fucking
tripping balls and then as the thing
goes it goes black and then you see
Winnie floating and then boom you're in
psychedelic land everything is weird and
whacked-out yeah and there's
jack-in-the-box heads with big tongues
and everything is neon psychedelic
colors and the world's melting and it's
honey and honey spelled phonetically
correctly I see it now it's got a little
would say fear and loathing it's DMT
this is like a DMT trip that's what it's
like all these psychedelic things you're
seeing this is about as close to
creating some sort of a psychedelic
hallucinogenic trip right
you know kids ride as you can get away
without getting arrested see I thought
you meant the actual cartoon and story
no no no but this I see yeah it's like
something there's they're doing
something oh yeah why is he tripping
balls you're a millionaire and this way
you spend your time remaining busy I
didn't show it to yet there's a VR I
don't think it's a game but I think it's
like what VR experience if they have
multiple of those but it's so ayahuasca
trip Oh
bring it on JMO it's interesting that
you saying this is that Terence Mckenna
actually predicted that you could
recreate in the future with virtual
reality a psychedelic trip and it would
have the same exact effect as a
psychedelic trip because it would be
able to show you the same visuals you
know remember I don't know if you
remember this but there used to be you
know what phone phreaking was to
remember phone phreaking there was a way
that you could use a public pay phone
and you had a device that would make a
noise because a public pay phone right
you'd press a button like beep beep beep
beep EB BB BIA well you would hold a
thing up to the phone and it would go it
would send a signal through sound and
the phone would just open up for you so
you could use it oh no core and you get
no quarter and you just start calling
people oh it was done somehow another
through sound like you would mimic the
sound the phone would make ordinarily
uh-huh so it tricked whatever was on the
other end that was waiting for the
signal that was correct things is this
it here wow this is exciting because
I've always wanted to do it have you
done it I've done DMT I have not done
ayahuasca but this looks a lot like the
MT you've done DMT you never mentioned
it yeah oh wow cool yeah they're
eventually going to be able to nail this
no exactly like what you'd experience
right VR is gonna be dangerous man
that's gonna take over a lot of shit
have you done any of the VR experiences
that you can go through now in a
warehouse no I've done the goggles and
you feel like you're in a whatever
Church or a forest or something and it's
pretty damn convincing we have a one of
those oculus things right out here
that's attached to an iPad it's pretty
cool but there's a thing in Woodland
Hills called sandbox never a couple of
them somewhere else besides Woodland
Hills but one of them is only a few
miles from here and you put these VR
goggles on and when you get the goggles
on you go into this house and you fight
zombies mm-hmm and I mean dude he'll
fucking freak you out because it's all
dark the zombies are running at you oh
so you you they dress you that's just a
fat kid in basketball
so so this is reality and zombie so this
is you running through this like this is
this is what it looks like to anybody
watching but what you see is these crazy
fucking zombies running at you and these
giant pus-filled monsters it's fuckin
ski I guess they're not showing you the
video but it's pretty dope yeah I mean
it's like it's a heartbeat thing like
you you your heart rate Jack Wow cuz it
feels like they're really coming at you
and you wearing a haptic feedback vest
while actually you feel it like chest
imagine the fun areas that's what they
look like
woah so embarrassing when they show the
other one oh yeah serious see that so
the zombies are running at you they're
in your face like really quick laughs
yeah it freaks you out man kind of funny
that's basically what Twitter is you
think you're changing the world you
think you're doing all the shit and it's
just you in a basement nothing's really
nothing's really now available Deadwood
mansion that's cool it's fucking dope
very exciting I'm a fan yeah give that
to the school shooters you know just a
classroom setting and they can just
shoot it up so they won't shoot up a
real one has the same feeling of chaos
but if we could get their actual teacher
and their actual classmates I feel like
that'd be a nice way to get that out of
your system it'd be a little better than
what they're doing now sure sure sure
maybe with pedophiles - you could have a
kid in there and let them get it over
with
right imagine if they did that if they
said the best way to treat pedophiles is
to have virtual children that you can
rape people be like wait what I mean it
sounds crazy but it's a victimless crime
it's like when you give the heroin
addicts there are free needles or a
methadone or that too
but people go what are you giving them
drugs you go well it's better than them
dying on AIDS II heroin needles right so
or you know overdosing give them heroin
there's places in the world where they
give them like a distributed amount of
heroin and it's pure yeah actually
they're not giving them anything that's
spiked or it's got some fentanyl in it
on paper you go what are you crazy
giving them heroin but it's it's better
it's almost like the first guy to think
of gangrene do you hear about that guy
in World War two ever as getting
gangrene so he said fuck that he cut his
arm open stabbed one of the dead guys
and put a little bit of gangrene in his
wound and I was like what are you nuts
and he's like I'll get immune to it
he worked really it worked so now you're
gonna help me I'm getting um
what a fucking crazy asshole oh but I
mean look around he's his dead bodies
everywhere he's got no hope he's walking
in the gunfire Wow
yeah might have been World War one but
it was some World War II war fucking
Savage from Iowa some yeah farmer savage
but but brilliant guy in a way ways
thinking outside the box I love a
different kind of thinking you know
that's why I like comedy because you see
something like noir McDonald's got that
great bit about my dad had a heart
attack and died and the guys in a better
place he's on the floor you know it's
like I like that kind of oh yeah you're
right
yeah you're not wrong but yeah yeah I
don't know I like that stuff yeah I do
too men I mean comedy is like like we
all have these particularly for people
that were working in these jobs like we
were talking before when you do these
corporate gigs for those people comedies
kind of extra important because their
whole brain is programmed to this fake
way of thinking and talking all day sing
it sister and I think that's it's
cathartic you go now some guys to some
horrible thing and you're like ah all my
field veterans that I know that dude
were I don't have a few friends that do
work in you know like office
environments they fucking love comedy
love it they need it yes it's like it
gives you the assholes like you and me
just saying things that they could never
say but we're different than that I
think we're a little built differently
you know we couldn't do I couldn't do
that office gig I was a janitor for
years just because I didn't want to talk
to anybody it was a better job than
clerical bullshit I don't to be in a
cubicle my car driving by myself
throwing the papers out the window
that's a great gig yeah I was a great
gig for a comic I always say if I wasn't
a comic I'd be a FedEx guy or UPS guy
that would be my gig you're outdoors you
got no door on the fucking van yeah sure
whatever you want whatever you want yeah
yeah it phones in it's great actually
it's a great gig right everybody mine is
a mailman oh well that's a little Boston
same thing he had a route he wouldn't
put headphones on listen to music the
problem mailman's you gotta hit every
single house the package guy everybody
loves a package right also I'm sure
there's some horny housewife who you can
pump in on
look at Brown do for you bitch so yeah
some milfy Millfield lady in lingerie
oh I'll sign that you want to come
inside okay oh yeah that's that's yeah
how many ladies ladies can do that
though this is a girl who's if a guy is
at the door and you know the guy looks
good and she looks good it's almost a
hundred percent of the time she can get
that guy to fuck him I know what a
privilege almost 100 percent of the time
she can get that guy to fucker and I
think that's why I think it's a big part
of why women aren't as aggressive
because they don't have to be of course
so well it's not it's not their nature I
mean right the male the testosterone the
Conqueror you know if you took fucking
away from women for six months that
would be interesting to see how much
they'd want to fuck hmm not that women
aren't horny obviously they get horny
but it's a different kind of it's a safe
horny guys will walk into a glory hole
and put their dick through it I don't
think it ladies putting her vag up to a
wall that is the weirdest toilet porn
yes the glory hole porn I'm a big fan
whereas a girl just sitting in a fucking
refrigerator box yeah sticks his hog
through a hole she's like oh yeah what's
the ultimate fantasy it's but it's weird
I can't get a girl to bar to fuck me but
if I put my dick through this hole and I
don't know who's on the other side it
could be LBJ Oh BJ I just fell backwards
into that one yeah but yeah anybody
could be anybody
Rosa Lara you just deal with it sure no
that just feels good you pretended
someone hot yeah and also you hope the
wall is not too thick right cuz you want
to get as much maximum maximum dong
shaft rights you know that's why the
refrigerator box is a good move perfect
love a box you can have like a real wall
no you know it's sheetrock cutting down
on your two inches
oh yeah well not only that the fucking
chalky shaft yeah you mentioned you get
sheetrock scrapes on your hard I've been
there j-mo you got along nice and smooth
and eroded by then well the rest when
you rub in areas reduce dicks rubbed up
against
koala bears will midia that's why you've
read the clamed never come on you're
lucky we're a hot piece I got lucky
all right ever got it you got it many
times how many I think I've gotten it
for how come it's not like gangrene
we're just your body gets added to it
you get it you get rid of it real quick
well I could ride it just ride it out
and then maybe you'd be immune to it
maybe but I don't wanna go to someone
else oh but you've got a fuck no matter
what right yeah I just wear the kana but
then the booze kicks in you guys fucking
take it off
fun fact and ladies won't admit to this
but there's a lot of skanks out there
doing this just take it off take it off
oh yeah they don't come clean on that
but that's a big thing ladies dude that
I don't get feels better for them does
it supposedly I've never had a guy fuck
me in my vagina
with or without a condom
women are so secretive why don't they
tell us shit I get shamed man but I but
man up or balls be shamed and live your
life
I think the shame that women experience
is fucking really frustrating my guess
is when guys shame women it's mean and
guys shaming women about being sluts
that shit doesn't work on men it's right
non exist n girls you piece of shit oh
yeah what am I gonna do but they could
make it not work just go ahead blow me
fuck you I don't care it's not in their
wheelhouse
why not because up because genetics
because the way the world has been sort
of the world of human beings has been
evolved I'm clearly talking like a
scientist but look at the N word the N
word was flipped now it's a positive
yeah so you slut
yeah I don't well they've tried okay
Andrew Amber Rose has a slut walk in LA
she's still there she give up on that
good for her it is it might be next week
coming up soon fourth one I think really
fast and walk number four
imagine if he gets like slut walk 40 and
she's like strapped everything down and
tying everything together right waddling
out there yeah she's very sexy huh oh
yeah Kirby Kirby Kirby late plus the
confidence you have to have the where
that haircut no the short hair yeah
that's that's a girl no she's hot and
you gotta have a pretty face oh yeah you
know to pull the short hair but yeah but
the slut thing the prom
what the celeb thing and nobody wants to
say it is I don't care if you're a slut
I say be promiscuous go nuts hoe it up
but they feel guilty well they feel
guilty I think because of biology for
the same reason that Eric Weinstein was
telling me that there's different mating
strategies that people have for a female
to just hoe it up all the time she's not
going to have a man that's their time
child washing craig and vulnerable i
think this is what biology is
interesting sort of setup right right
well that's fascinating I think that's
why I like that clock tick thing is real
you know a biological clock yeah baby if
we or it's gonna be retarded if we don't
fuck now and have a kid but there's also
different countries that have different
feelings about sex like a lot of Latin
American countries they're very very
open sexually and very very it's
different the women too yeah yeah women
too they have just a different attitude
about it
Australia different parts of the world
they're freer and open about sex good
good even in Canada I think that it's
different than in America why are we
it's a yeah you know like like Chris
Brown to me what he did was worse than
what louis c.k did but louis ck's a
sexual component which makes everything
way worse in America like I'd rather be
jerked off Don jerk off on and punch in
the face wait even jerk off on them
lobbies in front of whatever it was yeah
so it's like why are we so focused on
that let's it's now the Chris Brown
thing happened now the Chris Brown thing
happened before this whole me to think
ah so it's a timing yeah for sure for
sure there's a lot of people that snuck
through that sort of time period right
you know aren't you glad you never raped
anybody yes man I mean I don't want to
say I'm glad you'll have that a on your
conscience and be on your record and
also aren't you glad you never got raped
sure that's a big I've fucked people
unconsenting tell it held down and
banged have you fucked people in
consensual oh you know you gotta talk
about it
you got a gal and she's like come on
you're like I'm good just like come on
you're like all right oh so you didn't
really consent but you made her so you
made it sound like she didn't consent
but you really didn't consent no I
didn't but that's norm I think everyone
you're ugly wife or you're ugly husband
but if a girl wants to fuck you and she
like talks in it and you feel bad
afterwards
no one's gonna feel sorry for you right
but if a guy does that to a girl sure a
girl to do it
people will come down hard on you it's
weird how that works
cuz like I get the dicks and DMS all day
long again all that shit no one cares
nobody cares then I go what if this
bothered me people go oh you're a guy I
fuck you you know when you come you just
do you know Whitney I do a little bit
not well do I like her ask her about the
dm's that she chose him to us it's
really get a book I said you should
write a book about dick pics that people
send you cuz it's not not a dozen it's
doesn't really dozens man is she's
always got like weird dicks coming her
way to like curvy when a group text
she'll show us the dicks and like what
the fuck
Wow weird weird hook Dixon yeah do they
like does she like it now yes is one
it's just guys just send pictures they
do it to every girl look there is
probably a fucking gigantic population
of creepy dudes out there yeah dick pics
well here's another one I was hooking up
with his girl years ago I met in Arizona
and she was like send me a dick pic I
was like alright sent to the dick pic 8
5 i will say five years goes by i get a
tweet hey is this mark your dick it's
added me and it was it was my sheets my
shoes were in it my desk was in the
background and i was like that's not
mine and I was like it spooked me so she
sent you that or someone else to some
random guy like Minnesota she's this
you're dizzy text it to some guy and I
just didn't know for Combe put it on
Twitter
I gave it a favorite and I moved on
you're not interesting out Twitter let's
just show dicks to Twitter lets you show
hardcore porn hardcore porn hardcore
porn which is fun sometimes you in the
airport like yeah fuck it it's crazy
I'll look at this for a minute yeah I
mean you could ask fucking coming
everybody everything you name it baby
isn't that weird that mean it's a
gigantic platform to into well hardcore
porn Instagram does not know game is
show nipple oh wow you can't show
anything girls get kicked off an
Instagram for having like transparent
it's oh really yeah you can't even show
nipple isn't it amazing when you see how
many beautiful sexy stunning women are
on Instagram you could go through for
our it's right it's probably our best
resource you talk about oil and all this
shit I think the hot women in America
it's up there it's pretty good it's
better so there's a lot of photoshop out
there talking about these ladies doing
cartoon work on their pictures killed my
dream man in the dream also it's weird
this is some guys daughter and some
mom's daughter yep yep that's
but then she hits 24 she's on her own I
guess so look whatever age you nervous
here that picture yeah you have to be
but I'm also look I think girls like
boys and boys like girls I want
everybody to be happy you know yeah I
would hope that they are this case too I
would hope that you know they could find
someone who's nice to them and I would
hope that you know yeah yeah they won't
don't get bullshitted but I mean
remember you you were a fucking poon
hound back in the forties you know you
know you know what it's like radio
though that's true imagine if you live
in like like legitimately living like a
thousand years ago like what they
probably didn't even understand what how
you got pregnant yeah you know a
diseases killed you you got syphilis
everybody died your hair fell out your
nose rotted off your face yeah they
would have crazy diseases and no cure
that's probably why the Bible steps in
you know it's like hey don't eat pork
porks kill anybody let's say no need
pork on Friday or whatever it is
abstinence too they're trying to
preserve you right venereal diseases
right yeah and that's why being a virgin
was so good you know if you're not you
get thrown in the volcano yeah yeah I
was reading this book about the Wild
West and they're talking about all the
people that are get that had syphilis
mmm it's just they just all went to
whore houses and they're right that's
sick oh and while we're so lucky to be
alive in this time we're gonna killed it
on Twitter those guys had to ride a
horse without a saddle but imagine when
it's like a hundred years from now
they're gonna be looking at this poor
idiots they didn't have virtual reality
no that's true live in the real world
and drive cars everywhere yeah
ignorance is bliss man yeah yeah you
don't know I mean back in the Wild West
days they were just happy they figured
out the horse that's true like oh my god
so glad we had horses yeah yeah yes it
didn't have horses right right walk
everywhere fuck out of here
do that Donner Pass the fact that that
happened is bananas not that long ago
man I know I know and it didn't just
happen once there was a couple other
instances of people trying to make it
across and froze to death out there damn
but the movies in 4098 are gonna be so
much more boring where we get to watch
the revenant some guys chasing Native
Americans killing a bear he's fighting
on a river but this the movie in that
year it's gonna be a bunch of dudes
podcasting it's gonna suck because we
don't have any struggle so what is the
conflict for a movie
what if they'll ever have a podcasting
movie oh it's gonna happen podcast
getting crazy webcast changed and we're
like we've had Angry Birds
do you remember Christian Slater had
that was that radio up the volume yes
Kevin Smith had one Kevin Smith - yeah
we're uh Waris walrus remember I don't
know if you saw this it came out maybe
three podcasting he played a podcaster
was gonna get an interview and like the
guy kidnapped him and turned him into a
walrus you ever saw that movie yeah well
I saw red-state though then I saw the
best movies that was crazy it was crazy
he made me see that movie without
telling me anything
oh he goes I don't want to tell you shit
I don't tell me anything just have a
seat bad PR for Republicans Kasich
that's right that's right
tusk yeah crazy movie though I was like
Jesus I didn't see that coming at all I
was gonna be like a funny movie I didn't
know he had a venom yeah did you just
hear about you know comic books and
hockey jerseys oh jesus don't show you
just spoiler alert it was that dr. Phil
son of a bitch and then you showed it to
me something like this what if I was
gonna watch that tonight like I wonder
how this turns out
I wonder what it looks like you know
what else is kooky is the fact that
where our attention spans are getting so
short we like a YouTube video to be four
seconds all we do is check the time but
then the movies are getting longer yeah
that weird is weird
so our podcasts yeah Omar had that
statement he was like how come our
attention span is either seven seconds
right
right exactly with the Irishman once
upon a time in Hollywood these are all
three hour plus did you like the
Irishman I haven't seen it yet
well you gotta watch it in chunks which
is shitty long I love Scorsese and I
liked it it's not as best by far but I
liked it why are you watching chunks
because it's old so long yeah but if
you're one of those guys who just can
sit there for four hours you could do it
but it's it's like a novel you got to
really take it in how many hours is it
three and change I think mmm that took a
break about two hours and I got like 20
minutes you know what's around man I got
some problems with it but it's a good
movie yeah when you go to see it when
you go to the movie theaters when was
the last time you went to the movie
theater you saw a three plus hour movie
I went two nights ago but it wasn't
three and a half there was like a legit
three I remember that a Tarantino movie
they did the double feature they had
like Oh grind house yeah but those are
two movies right yeah well once upon a
time in Hollywood that was pretty
fucking long to raise on yeah I watched
that twice and I loved it
that dude he's a hero in it right he
really is he's doing it right he's got
only nine movies he's gonna make ten
movies and he's gonna retire yeah
allegedly he's going to TV they're gonna
back up the fucking Brinks truck but
thank you he's slipped through there's
some guy out there who's just as
brilliant as him who hasn't gotten a
shot yet maybe but here's the thing
he's grandfathered in to hears because
his movies are so fucked up like once
upon a time and Hailu hollywood spoiler
alert there's some scenes where he's
taking his chicks head and smashing it
like it's great whoa like I don't know
if a new filmmaker could get away with
that today interesting I don't know
because some of that shit's disturbing
it's very disturbing
yeah and I think he's so grandfathered
in with the hyper violent ultra violent
movies well it goes to show if you sell
tickets nobody gives a fellow but he
gives a fuck your Megan money but with
him there's no risk like if it's a
Quentin Tarantino movie he's never
missed once right did Django hateful
eight pulp fiction you keep going down
the list all his fucking movies
Reservoir Dogs yeah they're all killer
moon
and they're all goriias shit and darkus
yes he had one bad movie
a bad Tarantino movie some are better
than others but the nah but all great
like hateful eight I even liked I loved
that movie yeah what was did Django was
fucking fantastic
Django is fun and you get to realize
Leonardo DiCaprio can act as fuck is
amazing man like you see him in a lot of
these movies and you know what the
problem leaner DiCaprio is first of all
was beautiful I don't like that he's
getting uglier though let's move in at a
touch good a little chubby chubby yeah
yeah - sure but then the other part is
climate change is real that kind of shit
when people like accept Awards and the
climate change is real like hey hey
you're not here for that all right we
all know it's real come on man you're
not fixing the world by holding your
trophy for pretending but that's the
points you gotta go okay we want a bin
now I know yeah okay he's in the good
bin he flies private of course he flies
private you can't say climate change is
real on fire private well you can say it
but it's like syphilis is real but you
won't wear a condom oh yeah are you what
are you doing to protect yourself in
that problem hmm penicillin hmm hmm I
just don't like that's why I love Ricky
Gervais sir speech oh that was fun it's
amazing that was great it's amazing
well it would just suck to be one of the
people who get pissed about that like
man what a shitty life yeah I want to
find those people and bookmark them Yeah
right checking on them anytime anything
goes wrong I love it I'm friends with
Ricky now I can say that I love them we
exchanged niceties on Twitter
oh really yeah which mental have met the
world oh that's beautiful hey tell me
about your experiences with Seinfeld
since we since we did the last podcast
you did like I did some gigs you tell me
he had a great fucking time great time
he's the coolest guy I mean he helped me
out by giving these gigs open form at
the beacon and he's a cool do cuz he
goes I want one green room and you go
whoa I don't bother you new guys no no I
want to hang how cool is that that's
very quick and zillionaire legend comedy
guy wants to hang with my dumb ass well
I think that's one of the things that a
lot of comics miss when they get really
big yeah you know and you know when
you're Jerry Seinfeld it's like all the
rest of us are in this place
rights legend another NFL he's but
that's how we see him he still sees
himself as this Long Island nobody look
she's so cool and also why he's still
funny yes you know and he's like he's
like I'm worried I'm not relevant
anymore like what do you mean relevant
or show comes on eight times a day got
communes and cars you're touring
everywhere you're fine hilarious to
think that he's not relevant I know it's
like Dave Attell team until I'm a hack I
suck I'm an old hack like you're
brilliant you're one of the best ever
ever that's why he's so funny though
he's not blowing himself Larry David
Larry David I suck him in the way nobody
likes me like driving a Prius
you're my hero yeah yeah but every time
you looked in the mirror he's a bald
nope you know bald nothing worth a half
a billion dollars I know and he's
changed good he's changed my life he's
changed the world with his comedy and he
can't they won't sink in I love that
yeah well that's why they're so good
that's good I think if you start really
believing you're something special
you're fucking doomed you're doomed
you're doomed because then you're not
gonna be you you're gonna be some like
yeah I'm fuckin oh I'll just go out
there and be awesome right and I've seen
that before and it's ugly it's another
really and guys they think they're the
shit now and then they don't try that
hard yep and they don't work at it
yep and think they can just go out there
and talk to people and people are just
happy to see them right that lasts for
about three minutes right it's like what
is happening here confidence is a killer
man it can be it can be but it's not
confidence through hard work and
discipline like knowing that you're
ready but even then he stuffed have a
little edge yes exactly exactly like
those some of the great fighters were
all bullied or something that's
something behind them where they just
have that extra flame oh yes I mean
almost all of them will tell you some of
them will hide it but almost all of them
will tell you that they're terrified yes
that was I heard a cowboy was talking
about like how he flips out before every
mind he's in his head I'm like oh good
that's how I am before a special or a
late night or whatever yeah and you feel
better like okay I'm not a wuss yeah any
good set anything that's important those
butterflies gonna be fluttering around
your Adrenaline's gonna be pumping like
holy fuck you're right Chappell talks
about it she tells me I get nervous and
if you watch the interviews he's hunched
over he's weird and he's not this cocky
savant you know smoking I mean he is
he's brilliant but he's not that guy I
think he's just mastered that look he
know works
hard but he's calm because he's done so
many sets right and he's so good
I mean he's he kills 99.99% of the time
but when we work together we did a
couple arenas together we were both like
alright here we go
really yeah I mean you get you know like
right before we go on stage he was about
to go up there about - he looked at me
goes not a whole lot of motherfuckers
get to do this and fucking murdered but
great is this feeling that you get
before a show if you don't have that
yeah and everybody's scared of that
feeling right because that feeling is
like god I don't feel like to be
uncomfortable I just can't wait - I'm so
confident but you will never be that
because you are then you won't be free
exactly it's a catch-twenty eight it's
brutal and they always say do something
every day that scares you and we do
every day I mean how many people why do
you get up so much because I'm scared of
it and I don't want it to overwhelm me I
want to be able to control the fear a
little also if you're building your act
it's almost imperative that you go up
every day oh it's almost yeah yeah I
shouldn't say almost there's bits that
grow the more you do them like you have
a new tag like oh my god that's how many
times you've done a special and then a
week later you come up with a line like
I was in there it's the worst bits were
never done there's no they're never done
but then they are then they're over done
you're right right no are you overcook
it yeah and then you'll hate this back
anyway and that's a problem if you try
to record you know Tom Segura had an
excellent strategy for that you know we
were talking about it and he said he
records quick yeah prolific he's super
prolific but he also says that what he
does is like some bits he'll get bored
with them and he just won't use them so
like months at a time and it'll replace
him with new bits and then he'll come
back to them when he's about to film so
it feels fresh I couldn't do that I need
all the time I have my jokes are too
short
that's impressive yeah we have non
sequiturs you have a lot of nods yeah
just so boom boom boom and I'm such a
pussy that I need laughs at silence I'm
not going like I see Bill burr working
shit out and like the crowds like
where's he going with this yeah and then
you see him two weeks later that's
murdering right to me I'm like I gotta
get more of that I gotta get more the
ability to just sit in it eat the dicks
yeah and don't get me wrong I bomb quite
a bit but I'm on purpose exactly
Chris Rock used to do that all at the
ending that he would walk in there and
just fucking just try just practice shit
what else what else yeah I don't even
tell the audience hey don't get too
excited right you know you would just go
up there and fucking make it happen well
the audience can be such queefs
sometimes they're like hey this is Mina
and you're like yeah but I'm going
somewhere you dumbass I'm working this
out and it's gonna be beautiful stop
step it on the the buds of the roses
because it'll be a bud one day don't
don't step on it yet but people are so
quick to negate well one of the good
things about the Comedy Store is they
know that we're working try and talk
about it so much on podcast they know
that and I've had people come out to me
and go dude I saw that before months ago
and I just saw it again it's amazing
that's the best come to life yeah I go
yeah it's talked four months ago right
he was like I didn't think it was gonna
be very good of course no but I got a
bit of a beef with with these bigger
name guys doing that they go I go to the
clubs to work it out like well they
still paid yeah there's no real people
who want a show so I get a little
wishy-washy with that I like to sandwich
bits in between proven debts to move you
got to try them out but sometimes I open
with a man yeah yes I come out of the
gate with a new bit
that works too cuz the the fear of it
makes you come up with us yeah and you
would also like you like really go over
it in your head or actually you got all
the fucking eyes dotted and the t's
crossed yeah that's the key fear is
there so why not twist it and use it the
way they have the newspapers spin you
got to spin your your emotions exactly
exactly and get something out of it
exactly
so you're filming tonight yeah and two
shows two shows I've been doing this
hour forever and I'm getting to the
point where I go back to San Francisco I
go back to Denver and they go so I got
to put it down right I don't let people
down with the same material and it's
killer it's tight it ends big it starts
big it's it's dark it's edgy whatever
you want to call it and I can't sell it
nobody wants to buy it so fuck it I'll
do it myself how is nobody buying your
special well you got to have a hook now
I feel like if you're a cracker you know
you got to be depressed you got to be
molested you got to be
half-jew or something you got to be in a
wheelchair we need a good hurtful
derogatory term for white men we need
yeah well ironically it's straight white
male yeah but it doesn't work it doesn't
hurt right you call me a straight Mike
now Mike yeah yeah nothing yeah yes but
you know there's words there's certain
words sure but I will say this when you
grow up in a neighborhood and you're the
minority getting called a white boy or
hog it hurts okay so when you grew up
and you were a minority is effective yes
what is it effective today still not
really but it is dick it is you're a
black kid and you grew up in a white
neighborhood yeah and you hear that shit
all the time and it hurts and then you
grow up and then you're no longer in
that fucked up environment yeah someone
calls it to you again still hurts
right no way because you're still a
minority yes white boy doesn't work
anymore
no but if somebody calls you white boy
you're like well I guess you're mad at
me it doesn't hurt but that's the
problem it's just the intent like why do
you want to hurt me
that's what stings not the actual word
like what's it what's your beef but
there's a sting to the n-word there's no
pork in Co reached or any other word
yeah yeah yeah no other word cunt no no
other word nothing
maybe the F oh no no I don't think so
because they were enslaved well not only
that didn't have dual meaning like that
that word also has a meaning that you
say to your friends in a joking way and
nobody gets upset at all right and you
can say it's a heterosexual people right
joke around about it it means different
things I would never call you the n-word
and in the laundry room
exactly unless you were packing that's
exactly yeah this guy's a real black
yeah it's um it's like you know the real
problem is actual racism yes if there
was no racism then no one would give a
fuck what words you used and it would
all be fun cuz if you had a derogatory
term towards people who wouldn't even
work right well did you see that tweet
about how the alt rooms the audience is
all white and then the club shows its
diverse even though we're saying the
fucked up shit mmm that's a great point
I forgot I should give the guy credit
but I forgot who said it I did I said
that UCB about 10 years ago
what is that right I don't they don't
pay well that's the whole different bad
Amer crazy
that's crazy you're selling out every
night you're a packed house and you
don't pay the comics what are you
selling are you selling something that I
don't know about is the name UCB is that
still on sense
yes nonsense the name UCB exists because
of guys like Patton Sarah silver Louie
and all the maggots right right I mean
look they got their hustle I'm not
trying to knock it and it's working I'm
not alone The Comedy Store pays ya know
pays well and it's a fucking great show
every night yeah
improv pays these clubs pay you know
right right I mean I don't want all the
money I just like you gotta give me
something and I give it to the bartender
and I get me the door guy and I give it
to the guy who parks the cars there you
go I spread it around right great you
got it like you can't take all the money
yeah yeah yeah it's like what what are
you selling I know a fucked-up business
it's relying on people being suckers
it's very strange you're relying on
comics being suckers because you're
getting stage time so what I can get
stage time anywhere what you say you I
get stage time and a lot of you can now
but any while coming up come to see you
all right pay money to see you and you
wouldn't get any of that money what's
that about that is very strange nonsense
right straight up your own sense yes you
filled the room up and you killed
where's the money
oh you bought a new house and then
they'll buy a new building and then
these guys are driving Ferraris to work
or whatever I don't have to drive
Ferraris they'd probably drive Honda's
and they'd take them home then they'd
Ferrari ah ha ha ha oh so those
audiences aren't as good which is weird
to like I'm working for free and yeah
that's very precious vibe in there where
you say like my roommates gay and
they're like wait you said gay hold on
let me dissect is like now you're not
even think about the joke anymore you're
just so busy worrying about these terms
well it's probably a lot of young kids
to very young riding that woke pony pony
so what are you gonna do you gonna
YouTube it I got you know try to shop it
around me Amazon yeah they know they got
a lot you gotta have a favor Geoffrey so
what the fuck yeah muttering Norman
trust me killers yeah
tweeted out this I'm 100% tweeted I
appreciate it listen once you film it I
think once you film it people get a look
at it I bet you'll sell it yeah I just
want eyeballs on it that's all I will
definitely get that you're done right
and if you put it on YouTube I'll tweet
the fire
I appreciate your your good again
hundred percent you're a good egg - oh
hey thanks but yeah I just I you know
you start doing comedy and you feel like
you're getting somewhere and then you
try to sell a special that's been worked
out for years and it's tight as a drum
and everybody goes this is a great thing
why won't I flex you're not what we're
looking for right it's all branding now
we want branding we gotta fit a certain
quota which I guess I get do you know
I'm all about spreading the love and
diverse and having hooking people up but
it should be if it's funny it's funny
but I am stand-up comedy's always been a
meritocracy and I think it should stay
that way and there's plenty of funny
women there's plenty of funny everything
of course
fill in the blank you know especially
now I mean you get the Asians there was
like one funny Asian or one famous Asian
I should say was Margit show and now
it's like Ronny Chang Ali Wong Ronny
Chang's fucking hilarious in the news
fish yes very he's good man yeah and
he's angry yeah angry and tight and
relatable like the topics fuckin tight
shit really good man he had that great
bit about the internet about how then
like one it's gonna be like smoking in
20 years like I can't believe you let
your kids look at the internet or you
look at either way you're pregnant yeah
that's a great angle yeah there's a lot
of good comedy right now there's a lot
of bad comedy there's a lot of yeah but
there's more good cause there's ever
been before of course of course I don't
think I've ever know I've known a time
where there's this many like straight-up
assassin yeah why do you think that is
the Internet
yeah more platforms for people you know
look at guys like Schultz who's
literally become one of the biggest
comics in the world just through putting
his own stuff online and for the same
reason because they didn't want to buy
his shit sure sure but he's filming a
new one and that is getting picked up by
someone yeah listen
the world is open for great content
right and he takes advantage of all the
platforms he's really good at putting
funny videos on all those fashion videos
and it does I mean he orchestrates them
and coordinates them and I think he'll
go down in history as some kind of
marketing guru he's a genius
impressive great comic on top of that
which you usually don't get you're gonna
get a really good marketer who kind of
sucks as a comic or you get a guy like a
towel genius yeah marking himself at all
no
can barely uh sell a DVD and he doesn't
change his clothes is the same thing
it's a black jacket it's like he wears
the same shit yeah he always says I look
like an unemployed umpire he's been
fucking brilliant he's amazing
but he's the worst marketer of all time
when I hear that he can't sell tickets
in Swords I'm like what are you talking
about well I almost want him to call me
every time he's got a gig and I'll tweet
it but people want a cartoon when you
really break it down like I know guys
who are funnier than you know fluffy but
fluffy sells out arenas because they
like him that's not very personable
there's dad yes he's very likeable I
think the problem that tells that he
doesn't market himself well that's and
no one else does either that's all it is
but I think the bumping mics things
change that helped that helped them
because Jeff Ross is such a personable
guy and the two of them together it's
Reyes right it's fun and it's a really
big necklace show yeah it's great at it
but I can do a hundred of those oh you
do them together never ends but I just
think people need to know it's gotta be
like we're animals you got to go oh the
fat guy
oh the dumb guy family guy right yeah
fluffy oh yeah yeah I like that guy yeah
well I'm sure big guy yeah yeah you want
it's gonna be bite-sized nugget of who
you are I know you're into cars yeah I'm
doing Matt's show tomorrow Matt Farah I
love it gravity hungover oh I'd be
hurtin that's good early - nice I'll
probably legally drunk
Fluffy's in two cars he is but he's into
Volkswagen buses bro he's got like 30 of
them that's a weird choice they're crazy
he's got a warehouse filled with
Volkswagen buses I like him but they're
all like customized really yeah it's
crazy like I never would have guessed
like someone told me he's a car guy um
he's got a bunch of other cars yeah cuz
he's rich but he's got a warehouse
filled with these fucking Volkswagen
buses what a weird but look at this
they're dope - and they like mint
condition yeah it's like a sneaker
collection just got different color look
at that and all these Volkswagen posters
on the wall any pretty badass but how
weird is that that he kept buying them
like after you
and he's like yeah I'm good it's weird
that's the thing that grabs him you know
he's like he probably is more than 30 I
mean wow he cook on that video can you
click on that video well we can't we
can't play it anyway 6:00 p.m. by the
way you do it alright one day one day
tomorrow you're at you're gonna do Matt
Farah show you around tomorrow night oh
yeah
come to the store I didn't want to bug
anybody come to store I'll get Sean
really I'll make a car ah thanks man
alright um mark Normand on twitter mark
Normand on instagram yeah my podcasters
are the stories and Mark goal is calm
yes and we'll let you know as soon as
this special wherever it lands well it's
going to be not all right not a bad
person
[Music]